Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: As the sun sets you find yourself walking across cheetah square the largest and most central Plaza in Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: name for the summer at darden Gita, the first of the dynasty of the horse that role, Mr for 150 years until the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: The haze and dust from the army encampments to the north of the city make for a stunning sunset quiet and serene hiding the feminine disease lurking in the overcrowded city.
Timothy Sackton: The evening light turns the tall fence don't tower of the archives golden the sun just beginning to sink below the ornate Dome of the temple the long shadow is hiding the elaborate horse and rider mosaics that characterize the architecture of the darden dynasty.
Timothy Sackton: It was only this morning.
Timothy Sackton: Though seems long ago that you emerged from the ancient ruins beneath the lock and monastery and spoke with cassie the head librarian there about last god's the creator diet is Ryan Moore.
Timothy Sackton: And then took rooms that Koreans.
Timothy Sackton: Where you establish your presence in Tokyo and spoke to kayla the head priestess of the temple and administrator of poker.
Timothy Sackton: from her you learn that soccer that missed I have beach man you seek to may know more about the events on the eastern plains travels with our horse hurting family to the north of Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: While telling her about the events and caraway you revealed the return of Sarah and Although initially suspicious you hope she took to heart well these requests to pray before act.
Timothy Sackton: That was hours ago, though, what kayla may have done in the intervening time you have no idea.
Timothy Sackton: Well, investigating the disappearances and fast from the archives earlier today he learned that the missing archivist go via had been writing a book on the divine legitimacy of the nine dynasty.
Timothy Sackton: Focusing on the five victory is that he claimed to have been defeats but for the intervention of the gods the second hobgoblin war, the vanquishing of the fraternity of the empty moon from toker the battle of shrugged under the defeat of the plague trees in the battle of the red storms.
Timothy Sackton: You also found the scroll that the missing had scribe had been copying when he vanished with describe the dunmurry pushed to defeat a cult hiding in the stranger in Korean ruins north of Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: Now, after having discussed generic and the mad one their connection to like cancer, p.
Timothy Sackton: And speculated upon what might actually be happening at the archives.
Timothy Sackton: and debating the best course of action.
Timothy Sackton: you've left Koreans and as the evening falls you ever returning to the archives on alert for possible danger from like em throw up so it's the full moon rises this late later this evening.
Timothy Sackton: still not entirely sure how you will pass the night.
Timothy Sackton: So you approach the archives there quiet empty but garden.
Timothy Sackton: The guards.
Timothy Sackton: allow you to pass.
Timothy Sackton: Recognizing you from earlier and knowing that Arden will be.
Timothy Sackton: But the chief archivist of somewhat dubious scale will be eager to see you back and perhaps speak with you, if you have more questions for him.
Eric Rosenbaum: As as we enter seekers sort of clears his throat nervously looking around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaking slightly too loud.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the quiet of the desk Can we just review what we know about vanquishing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like tropes I think there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No smash them with a stick.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, you have to have to to have to have status.
Eric Rosenbaum: A noble attempt kenzo, but I think that will work you have to have to have three things the three things are the blessing of God.
Eric Rosenbaum: did something.
Eric Rosenbaum: shaker knows this, but I don't.
Mike Sackton: curse spell blessing of God and the token of their past life to.
Eric Rosenbaum: write.
Mike Sackton: As what it says in the session is yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: The token, the blessing or a magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I believe that i'm I may have.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ability to use magic to do one of those three things I don't know that any of us can call down the appropriate blessing, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From which gods I know if you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean ancient texts don't necessarily specify.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the parameter around the blessing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know that exactly what is needed you've just know that you know, generally speaking, you need some way of connecting a person to their pre, this is not to kill it like and throw up this is the cure like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here it is.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um some way of connecting the person, you want to cure back to their past life and then some powerful magic either arcane or divine.
Timothy Sackton: blessing of the gods could be.
Timothy Sackton: it's not it's not like spelled out exactly that there's like a particular prayer you need to say.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we can find.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something belonging something essential to the life of goes here we charted may have it could help.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think this is a topic worthy of extended steady under controlled laboratory conditions which we can do, perhaps not in a full moon in this place at this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just kind of looking around what is the what is the moon coming up anybody know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where moon should rise exactly at sunset.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What so what time is right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean sunsets in like.
Timothy Sackton: Half an hour.
Timothy Sackton: The sun is setting in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: As you enter the archives.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wait, so you guys are saying, if they do show up and I hit them with a stick it's not gonna work.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: Well it's a we've been discussing the curing but what about the extinguishing the killing of.
Eric Rosenbaum: would like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To look like cancer people make sure them of being alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any special trick that I know of.
Timothy Sackton: i'm make a.
Timothy Sackton: History or icon attack whichever you'd prefer our religion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Our economy arcana.
Timothy Sackton: that's good yeah you know you know you know, a couple of things, one is, you know that.
Timothy Sackton: They are immune to normal weapons only magic or silver can hurt them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm buck.
Timothy Sackton: But kenza your fists are magical so.
Mike Sackton: that's gonna say cancer, on your fists magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have loads of silver coins to just throw them um.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and.
Eric Rosenbaum: They become quite powerful in their.
Eric Rosenbaum: alternate form.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and the other thing you know is that the curse can be spread by the bite of an infected creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's something to perhaps avoid.
Eric Rosenbaum: And uh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're we're gonna go back to the monastery right now right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we're in the art world right now.
Mike Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: If the wearable has some goal here like destroying evidence that would help somebody find this.
Mike Sackton: This temple or otherwise, or possibly just.
Mike Sackton: terrorizing their past life.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what I guess they have some goal here can we even stop them can we.
Mike Sackton: Where can we stop.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead well be.
Sorry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What you said made me wonder.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe it's not something in the archives, that it would come back for it, but something in his quarters, is it worth checking his quarters.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know somewhere that map exists, if he's coming back to take her destroyed and.
Mike Sackton: Nobody can find the right temperament.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whereas quarters.
Timothy Sackton: It has carter's are most of the quarters, are on the.
Timothy Sackton: second floor of the archives.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he lives in inside.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is an artist is on duty here somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: He has a guard has gone to fetch him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay he's.
Timothy Sackton: having dinner or something.
Mike Sackton: I assume the map that this bundle 24 has been searched for is no.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, has the corners have been thoroughly searched all four quarters of the all the scribes and go beer have been thoroughly searched.
Timothy Sackton: And and art in showed you all the note, I mean you can certainly search them again if you'd like to other notes that about the book with like all the things the second hobgoblin war and the plague trees and the.
Eric Rosenbaum: trees.
Timothy Sackton: for eternity of the empty moon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To start some some interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: click trees planted trees.
Timothy Sackton: make a history check.
Timothy Sackton: out them.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm excited to know about played trees.
Eric Rosenbaum: nope.
nope.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this was collected from his quarters the you know this pile of notes that are in shape right and he claimed, there were no other clues in anyone's quarters the bodies of course i've been long buried.
Timothy Sackton: or burn rather.
Mike Sackton: To speak with dead before they burned bodies.
Mike Sackton: I guess maybe they don't have such a magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I happen to have a point to my backpack that squirrel we've got one actually.
I now.
Mike Sackton: burned.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tonight, if anybody dies Oh well, they said there's not that much.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could talk.
Timothy Sackton: A few minutes later.
Timothy Sackton: or you're waiting art and comes down the stairs and he's.
Timothy Sackton: Your back.
You have.
Timothy Sackton: Questions for me.
Timothy Sackton: I would be happy to speak further on these mysteries if you are.
Timothy Sackton: If you think you can help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have you received any kind of.
Eric Rosenbaum: bite wounds.
Eric Rosenbaum: recently.
Timothy Sackton: No, I was not here the night of the attack.
Timothy Sackton: me that was not.
Timothy Sackton: down on this floor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he.
Timothy Sackton: upstairs in my quarters.
Timothy Sackton: and insight check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I sell side and just another ship.
Timothy Sackton: You can sell side of me you.
Timothy Sackton: Can roll with advantage.
Mike Sackton: remind me TIM where was the attack before.
Timothy Sackton: We know.
Timothy Sackton: I assume we now you.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The well.
Timothy Sackton: The bodies were found in their core doors, but there was some sign that they were.
Timothy Sackton: well worth.
Timothy Sackton: know the bodies were found here on this floor sorry not on their quarters.
Mike Sackton: The ground fair specifically.
Timothy Sackton: um so this the like main floor of the archives is a big open building with stacks with like carol's where scars can work, this is like where the main there's an empty Chamber, and then it sort of opens into this main.
Timothy Sackton: area where where people work, and you know, there was the the most of the area of the library is taken over by the by the religious records and the military records are relatively small part of the archive and that's where these scribes were apparently working late.
Timothy Sackton: that's where they were killed.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't even have most of my spell spots.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you can see kenzo he's being sincere he he was in his quarters, he wasn't here when the attack happened he didn't even he was asleep he didn't even hear anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excellent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay sorry we're just you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeing the full moon tonight and everything we're a little worried.
Mike Sackton: You thought.
Mike Sackton: There might be a chance of an attack.
Timothy Sackton: On is a possibility and not considered.
Timothy Sackton: I can ask for extra guards.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what security does this place have.
Timothy Sackton: Very little we don't.
Timothy Sackton: The city has walls.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just the two guards, you see posted the two.
Timothy Sackton: guards who you see outside who watch the front doors.
Timothy Sackton: The back door, and the basement level is barred.
Timothy Sackton: But the door starts don's watch that.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's in the basement.
Timothy Sackton: Ah that's where the you would know this secret because you've you actually had like hung out with a hard stance, a bit when you were here, the last time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that's like basically where the where this like the half of it is sort of given over to storage books that are not being active, you know the like off site storage basically.
Timothy Sackton: And there's and there's like salar with like wine and barrels of water and a cistern in a while and things like that, but.
Timothy Sackton: The other half of it is the sort of darvon quarters there's a workshop there's like they're living space for their store rums and then there's a back door that leads out in like sort of into a back alley that the dwarves us to.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: come and go, and bring things into their area without having to come up to the library.
Timothy Sackton: So there's a small family.
Timothy Sackton: there's like six of them that live down there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what's their role in archives.
Timothy Sackton: they're like.
Timothy Sackton: they're like the super basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: maintain the building okay yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should talk to them, to see what they know about what happened on that, I mean it's a little late to be doing.
Mike Sackton: yeah they were on our list to talk to also the soldiers that govan might have been chatting with us to talk to.
Mike Sackton: um I think those would have to wait for tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: Should I.
Timothy Sackton: summon more guards.
Eric Rosenbaum: twice.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Give me a moment.
Timothy Sackton: To walks over, and you know whispers to one of the guards, the two guards who are sort of posted at the front entrance.
Timothy Sackton: And one of them goes now running up off across the square to the to the temple to presumably go speak to.
The.
Timothy Sackton: temple our guards get a few more to come over here.
Timothy Sackton: So anything else, I can do for you tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think, actually there's something very important, which is some.
Eric Rosenbaum: may be.
Eric Rosenbaum: of critical importance for us to have something that belonged to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go here.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then what's the name of the other person.
Mike Sackton: tribe ahead scribe.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't have a name.
Timothy Sackton: I can give them a name if you need one.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need not just the name but an important thing of great importance to that person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps you could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Show us to their quarters, or we might find such a thing or if you happen to know.
Eric Rosenbaum: piece of clothing, or perhaps it treasured document or tool.
Timothy Sackton: go via cared for nothing more than his work.
Eric Rosenbaum: He use a particular pen or brush.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or have a personal diary or a journal.
Timothy Sackton: He had a notebook sketchbook you you've looked at it.
Timothy Sackton: haynes what yeah that's how you learned about the battle of the plague trees like he didn't list any details is basically just places to go look in the archives for more information about these things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that we should have that sketchbook with us and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that something that we could obtain.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he picks it up and hands it to you from the table.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the head head scribe What about in.
Timothy Sackton: haha he.
Timothy Sackton: would be.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can go look in his quarters yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He was.
Timothy Sackton: He was quiet he kept to myself, except for.
Timothy Sackton: dedicated to go here, and he was cared deeply about his scholarly brilliance.
Timothy Sackton: You wanted to help him succeed.
Mike Sackton: Previous attack.
Mike Sackton: Do we know whether other people frown to we're not attacked with the targeted, is it random.
Eric Rosenbaum: or near was upstairs.
Mike Sackton: I mean, how many I guess how bait like are there, dozens of people upstairs are there other rooms down here.
Timothy Sackton: there's yeah there's there's probably about two dozen scholars and scribes who live at the archives.
Timothy Sackton: mostly on the archives is a big building it's like six floors.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Was there any upper floors.
Mike Sackton: Destruction.
Timothy Sackton: No, there wasn't any destruction.
Mike Sackton: And nobody upstairs heard anything.
Mike Sackton: Like where the body found in the.
Mike Sackton: morning or was was it like the alarm was raised and people came down.
Timothy Sackton: know that there was the alarm was raised.
Timothy Sackton: People came down but at that point, the bodies were gone, I mean the the archivist and pata and go via are gone and the bodies were dad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do they know what the entry point was for the less tax like did it come through the front door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and good question.
Mike Sackton: Their guards.
Timothy Sackton: There were guards outside the front door, who were the ones who discovered the body it's presumed they came in through the back door.
Mike Sackton: Which is not normally locked but now is because we asked.
Timothy Sackton: The back door is not is typically barred but not locked or garden.
Mike Sackton: Is it is it walking garden now.
Timothy Sackton: was barred it doesn't have it there's no lock, I mean it's just a big wooden door you can't lock at.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Extra stars, who are who are being summoned at the moment will go guard, but at the moment there's nobody to garden there's only one guard.
Timothy Sackton: Besides, you for in the entire archives right now.
Mike Sackton: And the back door is the back door of the archive or the basement.
Timothy Sackton: it's the basement door there's no there's only two entrances to the archives, the basement door and the front door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): which was the last.
Timothy Sackton: mean it was the middle of June so hot dry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was hurt what.
Timothy Sackton: time of night ah.
Timothy Sackton: It was like after midnight.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the bodies were found after midnight.
Timothy Sackton: They seemed fresh right killed, but you know the attack could have been half an hour earlier.
Mike Sackton: I thought you said, the alarm was raised.
Mike Sackton: What raise the alarm if it wasn't the actual attack like.
Timothy Sackton: what's though yeah no no you're right they could have ended.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know when they entered the building, but the noise of the.
Timothy Sackton: Killing of the two.
Timothy Sackton: scribes was what.
Timothy Sackton: was what raise the alarm, but how long somebody had been in the building before that.
Mike Sackton: Before right.
Mike Sackton: And what's the pathway like from here to the basement is that, just like one set of stairs.
Timothy Sackton: there's one set of stairs goes down to the basement.
Timothy Sackton: And then the you know you you come into this door this complex that's like dwarves on one side and.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Extra bookstores, on the other side.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the heart stones have say set of tunnels that only know they know about the connect the archived other things.
Timothy Sackton: They might but secret of an hour anything.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly not impossible that such a thing would exist.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like culturally for city living dwarves is that, like a pattern.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: dwarves and cities are often full of tunnels.
Timothy Sackton: right but.
Timothy Sackton: Partly that's because they're often high up in the.
Timothy Sackton: Mountains, and it gets cold in the winter and like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right there's less.
Eric Rosenbaum: Need for that here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unless unless you have some reason to get what are the adjacent buildings action.
Timothy Sackton: So the the archives, the sort of back of the archives is like the Durban quarter of the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
um.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's there's like a mix of forges and shops and you know the one tavern.
Timothy Sackton: That, Mr fire forge runs.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: But there's nothing.
Timothy Sackton: So the iron swan is the Durban tavern ah.
Timothy Sackton: But it's like so there's the Plaza and there's three buildings on the Plaza there's the temple on the West side the.
Timothy Sackton: archives on the east side and like an old Palace on the South side.
Timothy Sackton: And then further east from the archives is like the Durban, the sort of Durban quarter of the city.
Mike Sackton: gnosis the archives.
Mike Sackton: To either the city wall or a geek like how much of the city, would you have to cross to get from the archive to.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a third event.
Timothy Sackton: Less than a third or a quarter, I mean you're pretty close to the main East gate and you're actually not far from the from the north gate either or.
Mike Sackton: So is that, like.
Mike Sackton: 500 feet like presumably the city's not that big of it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah certainly you know, certainly under 1000 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Friends, much as I love and enjoy abstract hypothetical speculation as we're doing now, I do notice that the moon's is coming rising soon and we're sitting here in the archives and maybe we should make a more concrete plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who.
Eric Rosenbaum: To It could be that it's inevitable we're all just going to contracts like can therapy, so we should just find a way to make the best of the situation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's let's post up for the night and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Watch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you think we might be able to find a defensible location what's what's your instinct about this say this room that we're in will be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we're better off spotting them before they get access to the building.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we should be outside the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Building we can like the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): roof of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Old Palace or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the million USD.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's no it's I mean it's occupied it's now.
Used largely.
Timothy Sackton: Like for part of it as a barracks.
Timothy Sackton: part of its like the.
Timothy Sackton: Royal quarters that are maintained for the psalm rap court if it ever passes through toker part of its the living quarters of like the high ranking it's like where were some of the higher ranking.
Timothy Sackton: temple administrator types have quarter's like kayla as quarter in the palace, and then there's a big great hall and courtyard they're used for various civic ceremonies and things like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we'll be we might combat on the roof of the palaces obviously justin.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): put us in different spots to see who's coming I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, communicate with a message does yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can communicate with the message dance.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a good way for us to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: detect evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from afar do any of us have spells or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ability to do that.
Timothy Sackton: Through an interview.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, with respect to planning also I should clarify i'm a bit it's been it's been a bit of a day I may be able to remove the magical curse from one person using the pearl of power.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh actually no, I have one third little spell slot but not too it's my point here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, Tim secret just know what he's got available so that Pearl has taken action to use.
Timothy Sackton: That takes an action to use yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should just do it, then in advance.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that would make sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and then I should take a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Most flexible thing would be to have a fourth level spell slot.
Timothy Sackton: Is that possible that's the maximum you can get with it is the third Bible.
Eric Rosenbaum: The third okay so i'll take a third level spell so i'll just do that right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, he do you have removed curse.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm sorry I don't know why you.
Timothy Sackton: think you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh i'm banking on dispel magic doing it and it's not actually going to work.
Timothy Sackton: that's not actually going to work now remove curses to stop magic are separate spell seeker would know that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So point being we actually don't have the ingredients that we need.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: I was wondering about asking.
Mike Sackton: Of what's his name of it.
Mike Sackton: fellas small God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now you're talking.
Mike Sackton: I forget his name is can.
Timothy Sackton: I have a scar.
Mike Sackton: I have a scar.
Eric Rosenbaum: For aggression he's.
Mike Sackton: he's not a very powerful God, but he is a God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I can also ask for blessing from several god's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kingdom as well connected at this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a special.
Eric Rosenbaum: skill or feat that kinds of needs to do this thing that we need to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This this is you're saying, if the if the world shows up and we want to, we want to disenchanted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like during the process of being killed by it, we can we may be able to remove enchantment but I kept by getting a blessing, and also using this object from its past life, yes.
Mike Sackton: Do we think it's quick.
Timothy Sackton: megan religion.
Eric Rosenbaum: No clue who has never done this i've like read some dusty old books about it that speculate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice comes on those, though.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Wait I didn't see seekers role but.
Eric Rosenbaum: The fellow what am I really religion.
Timothy Sackton: Religion yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah is.
Timothy Sackton: A current our don't you have no idea um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean kenza you don't really know much about like entropy or anything like that, but the way the wording a blessing of a God, you know.
Timothy Sackton: To you that's a ritual that's that's not something you do in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A minute right.
Timothy Sackton: that's something you do.
Timothy Sackton: It in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have to say we'd have to subdue.
Mike Sackton: I think we kind of subdued this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, if we wait till tomorrow, I could turn them into a worm but not today.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know what I mean.
Mike Sackton: or or hide and track them presumably in the morning.
Mike Sackton: They will revert from werewolf.
Mike Sackton: What does go very think he's been doing.
Mike Sackton: Is is.
Mike Sackton: I mean, who knows what this God has.
Mike Sackton: cursed him with or.
What.
Mike Sackton: Whether he's even saying, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I.
Mike Sackton: think he would be human again yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should just take positions to watch for the night yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think they may not even come back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): anywhere near here, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's possible I know world show up at all that'd be great.
Mike Sackton: I agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think let's finish this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One again i'm i'll head back to the the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plan i'm still planning on heading back to the monastery after around 10 o'clock.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: you've been talking for 1520 minutes now and now sat.
Timothy Sackton: The moon beginning to inch over the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: So where do you want to all go.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be let's go to the top of the palace, as you suggested.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we get to the rooftop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): different positions to see different areas, probably right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: If somebody comes up and test me on the shoulder from behind.
Eric Rosenbaum: definitely want it to be one of you guys, you know i'm saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinda like the idea of being on a roof.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah can we find like like a spots around the square in different around the plus in different places.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's the.
Timothy Sackton: Top Dome on the Tower there's the palace both of those might conceivably be accessible, but.
Timothy Sackton: You can't just like.
Timothy Sackton: they're also guarded you can't just like walk in and be like hey I want to climb up to the roof of the of your Palace right like you need to talk to somebody and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about the radios the roof, the archives, then.
Timothy Sackton: The archive archive roof is.
Timothy Sackton: loosely accessible, you might have to climb the last 10 feet up from the window on the top floor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or just jump.
Timothy Sackton: Just jump if you're kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Should we all be on the roof, that seems possibly unwise.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and
Mike Sackton: And how quickly, can you get off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I tend to.
Mike Sackton: I can get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shut off yeah I can fall off the roof totally fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can get up quickly because i've got the Raven whistle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right Oh, I might take a little more time and care descending.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I might suggest that i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Essentially, we split up so that myself and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somebody with dark vision, probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stay on the roof, and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, put and then potentially will be dealt with your together, I can stay with with secret, for example.
Mike Sackton: Sure, Ken can.
Mike Sackton: My only fear how good is the visibility.
Timothy Sackton: From the roof of the archives, I mean you can see around pretty clearly.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's one of the taller buildings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and actually what the full moon i'm sure it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's still like recently visible outside.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right it'll be good if we were if we were all on the roof i'm seeker I could.
Mike Sackton: I could give you the ability to fly, as well as me to get off the roof.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would appreciate that.
Eric Rosenbaum: As.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, as.
Eric Rosenbaum: werewolves cannot fly.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: As far as we know, have to be once we saw something right or it'll run out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean we meet we.
Mike Sackton: All go up.
Mike Sackton: The only problem is if it comes in, through a hidden tunnel that we don't know about, but it does seem like the best option beyond the roof watch see what we see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ideally we'd be in touch with the guards.
Mike Sackton: Can we leave them a stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we trust them with one of our messaging stories that might help.
Mike Sackton: I think they would be trustworthy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't.
know.
It way.
Mike Sackton: too.
Mike Sackton: too obvious.
it's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's getting two weeks let's just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Start walking.
Timothy Sackton: Here, a piercing how.
Timothy Sackton: That is finally cut short.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That could be related.
Mike Sackton: yeah yes, we did a good job, get a good position where was the piercing how coming from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man.
Timothy Sackton: make a perception check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): atrocious.
Timothy Sackton: hard to say.
Timothy Sackton: It did maybe.
Timothy Sackton: yeah maybe East or.
Timothy Sackton: Below you.
Timothy Sackton: Are maybe north.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh geez.
Mike Sackton: Where are we right now.
Mike Sackton: you're in the archive.
Timothy Sackton: archives main open stacks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, let's get out.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: Which way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, to out the back to us from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): kinzer let's you'd be split up will stand up for the message down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll take soccer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay well let's head out the front door cans of.
Mike Sackton: All right, well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): matt you're going to message me and don't hear anything i'm dead blow the Horn of silent alarm but let's go with no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're gonna have some.
Mike Sackton: The Horn that kenzo has that.
Mike Sackton: warranty or allies that something horrible is going wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is I.
Timothy Sackton: See okay.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo and.
Timothy Sackton: seeker hide out the front door into the Gita square the open Plaza now i'm just beginning to see the faint glimmer of moonlight as the moon rises above the walls of the city.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing is there's no.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing as an activity nothing's, this is a ball there's no like giant beast rushing across the Plaza at you or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: The like four guards coming your way from the temple.
Timothy Sackton: With the fifth guard from the temple from the archives leading them yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ask them if they heard the song did you hear anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you hear that noise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's being in the garden.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: Wait you're asking the ones who are across the Plaza who are like coming across the Plaza.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It was there a noise did did you hear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A noise, there was a howling a shriek just a just a moment ago.
Timothy Sackton: From from where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: couldn't tell exactly that's why we came outside to see.
Timothy Sackton: They like form up in position their spears out.
Timothy Sackton: don't see anything out here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we split up and have a look around, if you guys have a normal route in which you which you scan this area we should have a look, because there's definitely something here.
Timothy Sackton: One of them is sort of the commander splits up the group and and they split into two groups one staying to God the door one group of three in one group of two and begin to do like a perimeter of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the of the Plaza.
Timothy Sackton: While it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I just I received the message that as well, and I say I will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nothing up front, but we ran into a few guards here and they're doing a little circulating, what do you see over your side.
Timothy Sackton: So so okay back to well being dealt with you're going down the stairs to come to the basement door.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you're like.
Mike Sackton: Two things yeah go ahead, but hold on I.
Timothy Sackton: just wanted to know if you're going down the stairs if you're going out the front door like around the back.
Mike Sackton: No let's go to the.
Mike Sackton: Down the stairs.
Mike Sackton: OK, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: So TIM, first of all.
Mike Sackton: As soon as we hear the shriek.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to cast Armor back at us.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The last an hour.
Mike Sackton: summon my shadow beast.
Mike Sackton: ended in front of us to scout.
OK.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will well we're buffing cast really inspiration on kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: um so i'm basically to tell it moves fast it's like a flying shadow move is it has a pretty good move I think it's fly.
Mike Sackton: Why isn't it a 6560 right, so it is going to fly, I had a boss, but it's basically I can't telepathically communicate.
Mike Sackton: Right basically to ask it to the exact back and forth basically go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Down the stairs scout come back to us it's clear.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Go find the door come back to us as clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is like a shadow being.
Mike Sackton: yeah i've seen this before it's like the flying shadow.
Timothy Sackton: So the two of you had down the stairs and and you come so the stairs descend to a.
Timothy Sackton: A cord or a torch lit cord or that leads.
Timothy Sackton: The leads like like turn a corner, and that leads straight ahead.
Timothy Sackton: It goes, maybe 15 feet before there's a door on the right in the left and then another 10 or 15 feet beyond that it opens up into a into a like a four way intersection with a wider cord or.
Timothy Sackton: This is all sort of carved stone lit with torches you can hear uh.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well be you've got quite a high pass perception, you can you can hear muffled noises sound sounds like.
Timothy Sackton: It sounds like like kids being shuffled too bad it's like that go go go quick like go type muffled noises i'm coming from the left and then somewhere straight ahead you hear.
Timothy Sackton: A muffled.
Timothy Sackton: yo, how will yell and then.
Timothy Sackton: thump and the sound of metal clinging on stone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And Enzo Kendall Kendall Kendall Kendall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does my.
Mike Sackton: shadow did you see anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good in here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, your sack shadow creature flies up to the four way intersection and sees nothing at that intersection and then flies back.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to send it all the way ahead it's.
Mike Sackton: I mean if you go, we can Bobby you heard the thing straight ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All the information everybody's.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, straight ish.
Eric Rosenbaum: It Kansas that's done in your pocket buzzing melon a chicken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did that happen all before I contacted them and the square duck around the same time.
Timothy Sackton: uh this is now you're about synced in time, yes, that will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I went out with boy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I get the kinds of games like hens oh.
Timothy Sackton: No yeah basically roughly the same time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I text you 911.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I look at seeker well be well be as calling for help, I think you need to go back inside I tell the guards just very quickly, it seems like there may be a disturbance inside so i'm keep your scan in the perimeter but be aware that there may be some trouble inside the building.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're running we're running on towards the.
Eric Rosenbaum: OK OK that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I really had to sit a commander.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and start running inside.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you two are running inside.
Timothy Sackton: What our.
Mike Sackton: Well, being done with doing the I assume it's dim light down here.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: So the shadow creature will take will use a bonus action to take the highest action.
Mike Sackton: And then fly basically straight until it either hits.
Mike Sackton: A door.
Mike Sackton: A werewolf or a intersection and then.
Mike Sackton: Come back and tell us what's up.
Timothy Sackton: So heads down straight there's the hallway just continues and other 60 feet there's three doors on the right, and then it ends.
Timothy Sackton: that's like the whole extent of the baseline dead end yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's all send it.
Mike Sackton: To the right, I mean we're still waiting at the intersection I guess.
Mike Sackton: i'll send it.
Mike Sackton: i'm having a hard time picturing this.
Mike Sackton: Where we like how big the archive.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Mike Sackton: Order going across our lengthwise.
Mike Sackton: With wise okay and where's the door like we must know where the door.
Timothy Sackton: The door is to the left, from the four way intersection the.
Mike Sackton: doors okay.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to send the shadow creature down to the left.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: make a perception check for the shadow creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go.
ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't see anything.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't last as yeah yeah okay so so it passes through.
Timothy Sackton: This wide quarter towards the back door, the back door is not disturbed it's still barred there's like the path the entrance to the like the workshop area where the dwarves have like a bunch of mechanical contraptions as like clocks there's seems to be a lot of clocks.
Timothy Sackton: But there's also some you know a few.
Timothy Sackton: books and things and.
Mike Sackton: Just as novices cells, the chat that 19 was the shadow creature stuff.
Timothy Sackton: But it doesn't see anything else, and at the moment i'm.
Timothy Sackton: All is quiet.
Timothy Sackton: At this point, seeker and kenza you've reached.
Timothy Sackton: The inside of the archives that are heading towards the stairs to head down um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be are you doing anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To the head, we heard the yelp from the exterior door sorry to be asking.
Timothy Sackton: No, it was well, it was you are standing facing like if the.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see West basically you're facing South the main entrance the archive is to the West, the exterior doors, that the basement doors, the East, the stairs are on the North wall of the archive and you came into an order looking.
Timothy Sackton: cord or looking south.
Timothy Sackton: Which is maybe 120 feet long lit with torches flickering and you heard the how and the yelp and the noises maybe from the from the south southeast basically down the corner down the quarter and a little bit to the to the left.
Timothy Sackton: A shadow be scouted to the end of the quarter and just saw three doors.
Timothy Sackton: On the last quarter on the right okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm gonna steal my way towards the noise.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a stop jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's the archivist.
Timothy Sackton: Ah upstairs upstairs at the moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that is atrocious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Before right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah minus the D for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 10.
Timothy Sackton: As you as you begin stopping along you hear.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: Like a bang like chain hitting against down on a current.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): relay that knows.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): heading towards it.
Mike Sackton: So well be which direction are you going at the four way intersection to the left or to the right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which way was the noise.
Timothy Sackton: The noise was left or straight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't want to go towards the noise.
Mike Sackton: But hold on hold on so TIM down the quarter the shatter be scattered, there was no door there was nothing on either side, or their doors.
Timothy Sackton: There was a door there's the end the open engines for the workshop i'm.
Timothy Sackton: To the right south or.
Timothy Sackton: left on the right, but to the sat with.
Timothy Sackton: it'd be the right if you're heading down the corridor.
Timothy Sackton: So you turn left and then on your right, which would be.
Mike Sackton: Right right right.
Timothy Sackton: Then there's another door on the.
Timothy Sackton: On the north wall.
Mike Sackton: Which in and where was the muffled noise like putting kids to back.
Timothy Sackton: That was on the that's like the north that like north east corner corner.
Mike Sackton: Of the bell yeah so there's like there's like a section between where we are, is this right visualization there's like here can I draw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can you just drop them is that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just put them on the map to wherever they are that'd be great drop.
Timothy Sackton: A blank roll 20 map, you can draw.
Great.
Mike Sackton: But like we came in here there's a four way intersection here, we went That way, there was doors here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: We went that way, this is the outside door.
Mike Sackton: yeah and in this section is where both the muffled noise and the werewolf voice.
Timothy Sackton: know the werewolf noise is coming from like somewhere like here or here.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but what what is.
Timothy Sackton: What is that the workshop.
Mike Sackton: workshop OK OK so there's a workshop door here so there's.
Mike Sackton: A corner.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, no door just opening.
Mike Sackton: So i'm going to send the shadow beast discount the workshop.
Timothy Sackton: And this is this is sort of the direction that welby is going as well.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and i'll go up to the up to the.
Mike Sackton: Core basically.
Mike Sackton: Up to here oops you can't see where's the little.
Mike Sackton: Up to but, but this side of the corner right so i'm not going around the BAT but i'll send a shadow beast over my.
Mike Sackton: Face i'll follow up follow welby.
Timothy Sackton: At this moment i'm two things happen at the same time well three things happen at the same time.
Eric Rosenbaum: At all all really good things.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and kenzo come down the steps you see this torch lit quarter at the end of the corner, you see down with standing you do not see well be or the shadow beast to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Read the core at the other than that.
Timothy Sackton: you're at the bottom you're like.
Timothy Sackton: right here you're right there.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, just came down the stairs i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The doorway right here now in between kenzo and well be and i'm and down with swings open.
Timothy Sackton: And a.
Timothy Sackton: Older.
Timothy Sackton: Male dwarf had sticks out and yells.
Timothy Sackton: Like stage whispers like yells but keeping his voice down what are you doing down here go.
Timothy Sackton: When there's a loud crack as if.
Timothy Sackton: There is like.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: It sounds like something heavy and strong breaking.
Mike Sackton: Ah, where did the lab crack comfort.
Timothy Sackton: Ah ahead somewhere here or here.
Mike Sackton: And, are there any.
Mike Sackton: doors in this wall.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's a door right where there's a door here and there was a.
director.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was there's something else that happened simultaneously.
Timothy Sackton: Those three things ken's outcomes 10 seven secrets here the dwarf had sticks out and yells what are you doing here go and there's allowed crack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo looks at at a secret expectantly looking at the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: say something to your your your.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well we're up we're up we're trying to help Do you know where the is there around oh God.
Timothy Sackton: make a persuasion check.
Eric Rosenbaum: oops I wrote.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems about right.
Timothy Sackton: Also minus before.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can be negative.
Mike Sackton: It can't be negative, because you're amazing before, but it could be.
Timothy Sackton: 01 that you, you recognize this dwarf actually this is i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Colleague hearthstone.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The like the Patriarch the like the like i'm Father patriarch sort of head of the hearthstone clan.
Timothy Sackton: And he he looks at you like confused for a moment recognizes you briefly um and then.
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Timothy Sackton: seeker get out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it safe where you are can we come with come with you.
Timothy Sackton: We can handle this just go.
Eric Rosenbaum: handle what.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well D.
Timothy Sackton: i'm at this moment, you see here let's uh.
Timothy Sackton: let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's try I messaged you know, in the in that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into that so well be that hey a dwarf just told us a dwarf what of secrets friends told us to leave that i've got this handled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever this is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That sounds comforting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you want to pull back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I want to see what's around this corner first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of course he do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so we've got like.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the workshop.
Mike Sackton: Are you sharing something.
Timothy Sackton: Not.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: I see one small line.
Mike Sackton: And it gets just lagging yeah there we go.
Timothy Sackton: And then you've got.
Timothy Sackton: I guess I should have drawn this in advance so.
cool.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: And then you've got the outside door like right there.
Timothy Sackton: And the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: that's a terrible stairs but you get the idea.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'll be as like they're.
Timothy Sackton: With us there.
Timothy Sackton: seeker is there.
Timothy Sackton: was a seekers there kenzo is there and the door.
Timothy Sackton: The door that just opened is right.
Timothy Sackton: Here there's also a door.
Timothy Sackton: they're.
Mike Sackton: Looking for the.
Mike Sackton: For the shadow creature, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: Oh i've never made one I need to make one.
Timothy Sackton: I think i've used a Hawk before.
Mike Sackton: That works.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you should be able to control that Hawk now i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay speaker are sorry i'm welby you see i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The door there's a door back here there's a series of doors actually i'm like one here.
Mike Sackton: kid.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, one there.
Timothy Sackton: One there.
Timothy Sackton: And this door in the back i'm breaks open.
Timothy Sackton: As a.
Timothy Sackton: Large.
Timothy Sackton: Large Wolf.
Timothy Sackton: leaves out of that door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which door.
Timothy Sackton: there's chains trailing behind that.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was like.
Mike Sackton: Why are these dwarfs thinking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we not fight them.
Mike Sackton: we're not going to fight the dwarfs but why are they, why did they tell anybody that a werewolf.
Mike Sackton: change them here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, had it under control so.
Mike Sackton: Clearly, they have it under control it's thought about it to go rampage and kill anybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: chained up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The heavens plan for it, though, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like we've discovered an entirely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): new set of motives.
Mike Sackton: there's something not quite right going on here.
Eric Rosenbaum: We had no reason to suspect the doors were involved.
Mike Sackton: know but maybe we should have talked to them.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dwarves.
Mike Sackton: But the wife's, the ones who are keeping the wearable prisoner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like right now yeah well it's not.
Mike Sackton: Like that yeah yeah that we should have talked to them for.
Mike Sackton: Have a rational conversation with wearables running at full speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, but when we're going to talk to them before, how would we didn't even know they were.
Mike Sackton: We knew that we knew that they were fantastic oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: We knew that go via do.
Eric Rosenbaum: We had a chance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay cans out.
Timothy Sackton: Why would you like to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And tons of.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see this yet, but you hear the crash, as the door smacks open.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the dwarf is still.
Timothy Sackton: The dwarf is still standing in the hallway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay he's standing in the hallway or see.
Timothy Sackton: Well, just standing in the doorway sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so kinds of kinds of doesn't do anything quite yet and it's like so should be the this basement you are you ever is everything under control.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Later you're gonna have to tell us what the hell's going on but that's fine for now kinds of starts heading out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: upstairs.
Mike Sackton: delicately yellow kenzo not to leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This dwarf says, things are under control dealt with and I feel like we're going to make things worse, so why don't we head out of here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm heading out here.
Mike Sackton: is brilliant because the way I want to eat well be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For will be the show where we'll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like into the best of stone run.
Timothy Sackton: You can y'all hear each other you're only like 20 to 30 feet away.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: run Kansas Kansas headed out here.
Timothy Sackton: So so let's.
Timothy Sackton: let's uh let's give you like a minute to plan to reflect your you know well honed knowledge of each other's tactics and thoughts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Again I would shoot this werewolf till it does.
Mike Sackton: Why would.
We would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't want to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kill everybody why don't we listen to the dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to restrain and and cure it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't that we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Already here she's well aware, will change.
Eric Rosenbaum: know just out of the chains.
Eric Rosenbaum: That just.
Mike Sackton: From mashing.
Timothy Sackton: door there's chains dragging behind it, but clearly ripped.
Mike Sackton: out the dwarves are obviously way in over their heads and the world is going to kill them all, if we don't do something.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's my impression as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we believe the door for saying that everything's under control.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM do I have no.
Mike Sackton: that's the werewolf just broke out of the chain.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Presumably the doors are keeping it chained up down here.
Mike Sackton: to any of these.
Eric Rosenbaum: guys, who are actually like janitorial staff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their data to have like.
Eric Rosenbaum: magical powers already knowledge to handle the situation.
Timothy Sackton: Not that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bad no.
Mike Sackton: it's incredibly suspicious that they didn't tell anybody they had a werewolf jade down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, they're up to something and we just don't know what it is that.
Mike Sackton: That is not like a normal thing that somebody would normally do.
well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We had a human chained up for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The last month.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me, let me wreck on this slightly 10 when I was like Oh, like you, are you have this under control, this is when we heard the sound of the of the way so so like so like it just broke out of its chain, so this is under control.
Timothy Sackton: I mean on the dwarf look scared.
Mike Sackton: you've got what Carol says that does it.
Timothy Sackton: say good enough sense.
Timothy Sackton: But he says, through gritted teeth yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In breaking out of the changes Okay, so we should leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can fight it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With.
Eric Rosenbaum: will help you, whereas the other ones.
Timothy Sackton: Please don't.
Timothy Sackton: We know the other way he.
Timothy Sackton: looks super confused.
Timothy Sackton: The other one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Forget about that, for now, how is this under control that you've got that.
Just broke out of the chain on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we stay and fight it.
Timothy Sackton: We will handle it do not.
Eric Rosenbaum: How we will handle that.
hootsuite.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I mean you certainly get the sense that, like the doors don't want you here, but you're a little doubtful about the I mean kenzo has a good enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: intuition.
Timothy Sackton: intuition, to be pretty doubtful about the week and handle it part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like that that makes him glowing drill.
Mike Sackton: backlit dwarf and say look the professionals are taking over now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I say well this week we're gonna we're going to restrain the werewolf so please stay out of the way.
Mike Sackton: hello, well, I guess it's not my initiative, yet.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, so, while this conversation is happening, what is.
Timothy Sackton: This cancer doing anything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Man i'm kenzo is gonna what else can I do, can I like prepare something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've all sorts of Nice all set the wolf.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah you have to get within line of sight of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we're still a room away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: want to meet.
Mike Sackton: I can move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to move ahead.
Timothy Sackton: I can move 45 feet, but moving through an ally takes 10 feet, so you can go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1015 2034 4045 PM right here.
Timothy Sackton: And you can't quite get to there you can get to lake you can get two squares back because you got to move through your allies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You already did that, though I did the 10% through that 45 minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It can't I do like that special thing to increase my mood.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can spend a key point to bonus action dash.
Timothy Sackton: That gives you another 45 feet of movement.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well we be like not right there, so I can sit down get overwhelmed me isn't and see the.
Mike Sackton: just go one you can disguise flying.
Mike Sackton: Oh So can I go here can stand underneath it, you can stand either.
Mike Sackton: yeah like shadow Hawk he's not.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I think you could probably see him from there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are also side here as.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As you around the corner, you see, will be sending there with an arrow drawn squinting carefully with his aim and just whisper over to just don't get in the line of fire.
Oh nah.
Timothy Sackton: So you saw site him um so that's your bonus action to full site.
Timothy Sackton: yeah then that you still have your action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could use my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My acid arrow well I work.
Timothy Sackton: Here, Sir, I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Remember restraint and capture and he'll kill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well i'll be able to tell you guys exactly how many points, it has.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll try this with so five charges after I use the five charges is it done forever.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no it recharge it gets a certain number back every.
Mike Sackton: morning he gets one before I think.
Timothy Sackton: 24 plus one, if you use the last charge, then you have to really do 20 and on a one it crumbles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll use this one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you rushed forward.
Timothy Sackton: You hold out this wand and point it.
Timothy Sackton: pointed out the wolf running forward and this streak of greenish energy flies out striking.
Timothy Sackton: This creature with acid.
Timothy Sackton: So it takes 12 points of acid damage that ends your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you text me how many hit points at us.
Timothy Sackton: Ah that's that's no longer part of full site.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck I was the reason why I was doing it.
Timothy Sackton: It gives you a.
Little side.
Mike Sackton: yeah wait, I thought so it's like gave hit points.
Timothy Sackton: you're aware of its emotional state, you have advantage and insight.
Timothy Sackton: you've learned in class level or challenge rating and highest and lowest ability scores.
Eric Rosenbaum: talent rating is worth nine.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah right now also i'm curious about the strength of these things.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's wearables are strong, unfortunately.
Timothy Sackton: it's challenge rating is three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does that mean.
Timothy Sackton: that's like roughly third level.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Its strength is its highest ability score and charisma has its lowest.
Eric Rosenbaum: lot of the things i'm doing i'm thinking about doing to it and on strength saves.
Mike Sackton: White Christian restraining yeah.
commander.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: How does.
Mike Sackton: there's no reason, a monster if it falls to zero hit points dies right.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true, we can we'll just knock it out.
Mike Sackton: that's what we want to do, I think, like.
Timothy Sackton: Do anime can do non lethal damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah so let's aim for that okay.
Timothy Sackton: You can do non lethal damage with maybe attacks you can't do not only for damage ranged attacks.
got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: He can't Bob someone on the evidence, with an arrow um.
Eric Rosenbaum: who's is.
Timothy Sackton: welby as.
Well, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): studying and shoot this thing.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Even with a default off of it.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that hits even with it before off the BAT.
cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In that case, it's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Five D.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's low.
Mike Sackton: On a good.
Mike Sackton: We don't want to kill it.
Timothy Sackton: So while be lines up an arrow strikes and it's just a glancing blow off the side.
Timothy Sackton: And it sort of snarls growling at you.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your up.
Mike Sackton: alright.
Mike Sackton: So first this guy is gonna go one What is his shadow spirits move his 60s that's 12345.
Mike Sackton: It well do a swiping attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Mike Sackton: yeah it has a chilling play melee weapon attack, what do I want isn't it tell me what role for me away with it.
Timothy Sackton: should be just your spell attack.
attack.
Mike Sackton: helter skelter.
Mike Sackton: But it hasn't been it's still hidden would it have advantage.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: i'll give it advantage for this attack because it's small and the shadow.
Timothy Sackton: But this will this attack or working.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it ah.
Timothy Sackton: No that Mrs.
Mike Sackton: So then it'll use the rest of its move to fly up into the ceiling over here, and then you bonus action to hide.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: I assume, this is all still dim enough light that accounts is dim light.
Timothy Sackton: um workshop is pretty brightly lit.
Timothy Sackton: there's several like lanterns and.
Timothy Sackton: torches the hallway is divided.
Mike Sackton: up, I think it laying is it still.
Timothy Sackton: Oh it's not a very high ceiling.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I can come back out here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think if it gets into the hallway.
Timothy Sackton: can definitely hide.
Mike Sackton: And then.
Mike Sackton: That was itself.
Mike Sackton: That dealt with 123456.
Mike Sackton: And ready in action i'll use my my my action to ready an action to add to attack it if it comes attack it with non lethal melee damage, if it comes within reach of my weapon.
or guy.
Timothy Sackton: That ends your turn it is now this wolf is gonna snarl and run towards you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh good.
Timothy Sackton: run out into the hallway.
Timothy Sackton: You get your attack, as it comes within reach of your weapon.
Eric Rosenbaum: feel good about my location right now.
Mike Sackton: Not rolling well tonight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh sorry TIM.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am using my reaction.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To move half my move, since and enemies.
Timothy Sackton: Ending I think that's when it.
Timothy Sackton: ends its turn right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh sure.
Timothy Sackton: So it's turn is not over yet.
Timothy Sackton: And it is going to take a.
Timothy Sackton: It is going to take a Oh, it also takes it takes more acid damage takes another four points of acid damage at the start of his turn I mean it's going to take a swipe with its claw at well be.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be.
Timothy Sackton: A tan to hit.
Timothy Sackton: And that is going to turn and fight at kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: That is going to be a six to.
Timothy Sackton: 10 so just leaps out of the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you mean a six to hit like they were all six or higher net.
Timothy Sackton: He rolled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out.
Mike Sackton: Of all the six.
Mike Sackton: Plus your AC is six you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My seems like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking 25 that's awesome.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that will end it turn is just standing here snarling in the hall seeker Europe so well, but you can use your reaction now.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I did i'm sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: I got yeah oh sorry I didn't realize it, so I was.
Timothy Sackton: Happy career up.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna run down the hall i'm going to look into the door, where the dwarf came out just to see what's in there are what's going on as I pass by.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a quarter that opens up into like a kitchen area.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and there's.
Timothy Sackton: sort of in the back of the kitchen there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Torben woman in like.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: A nice shirt like bed, you know pajamas kind of i'm sitting.
Timothy Sackton: at the table like with her head in her hands kind of crying and ah another older male dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: This one this one, maybe more middle aged not not that old maybe 150 or so fit with shaggy black hair and i'll long braided beard who's like sitting and like comfort during her sort of padding around the back.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just sprinting past, so I can go I have 25 move, so I can get to 123.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just going to go straight up here.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I will cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: turn the corner and see the fan i'm gonna cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: quicksand.
Eric Rosenbaum: ranges 90 feet area of 20 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just to get it under the feet of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: So basically in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like in this area.
that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: quicksand.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so the stone of the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: transmutes into a very sticky mud, with the aim of keeping the werewolf where it is.
Timothy Sackton: I guess a strength saving cow right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then Oh, I have a bonus action I will cast inspiration on will be.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that no secret is turn the wolf does seem to sink into the mud somewhat nice pens are your up.
Mike Sackton: How does it seem hurt particularly.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: No, not really maybe a little winded not quite like you know, mostly glancing blows so far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, all right i'm going to Fuck it up so i'm going to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to use or a strike and do a psychic attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On our guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to start it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah just.
Timothy Sackton: Based on it.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let me.
Mike Sackton: Just remember we're trying not to kill this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's i'm trying to start it yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So can I use my of my.
Timothy Sackton: Starting strike it makes a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: which it fails so as you hit it, it is stunned, and it suddenly goes still and quiet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I will hit it again I use a key for that right yep alright so for that i'm gonna hit it again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with another on arm strike.
Timothy Sackton: movie that had.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Suddenly hits.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, you have advantage on these.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy Fuck I do.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: cuz it started to now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh right but I guess i'll roll again, just in case I get it correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so we, like the first one, and then I will do a little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Extra damage with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see if I do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A sell side focus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait sorry what's the swiftness.
Timothy Sackton: wow that's when you first targeted.
Timothy Sackton: i've totally forgot about that you can do when you first target a creature was so sad, you can do Tuesday, six psychic damage to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, because I didn't know I had done that, when I first rolled up the first time.
Timothy Sackton: Right, it made it saving throw them, so it takes no damage from that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, what can I do i'll just pretend that happened it you can't you can only do that the.
Timothy Sackton: first time you target the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ice okay all right so so basically there's nothing other special special things I can do right now.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can just punch it again with your regular bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can fire your blows and printed twice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will, I will i'll just use my regular bonus action it back again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I couldn't take it three times.
Timothy Sackton: or four times, if you spend the key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me and I got an advantage, right now, so let.
Timothy Sackton: me yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so.
Timothy Sackton: 818 hits.
Timothy Sackton: it's looking pretty hard now like it was Okay, but now it's done in Kansas just come in there with a massive flurry of blows wham wham wham three solid hits and it's kind of restrained and whimpering and.
Timothy Sackton: looks now bloodied and pretty wounded.
Timothy Sackton: As you as you the sound of the fists fun fun fighting against its body echoes down the hall and.
Timothy Sackton: you hear a well from inside.
Timothy Sackton: don't hurt him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: don't hurt my baby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where's this coming from.
Timothy Sackton: From the.
Timothy Sackton: dwarfism go.
Mike Sackton: Read, this is not garvin.
Mike Sackton: damn it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be Europe.
Mike Sackton: That makes a lot more sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would there be a way to tell if it's a Torben.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we just knock it out now.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's stunned and wounded yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Given that it's done until the start of your next turn and it's going to miss its turn.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I would say ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: it's pretty easy to subdue at this point yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think at this point i'll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll just move back and take a position on the stairs in case anyone down here tries to leave i'm not gonna let them out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything we can restrain it with her or retain it.
Mike Sackton: I mean what's I assume me I said we could just say we did.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You can knock it out right so it'll be on.
Mike Sackton: lock it up.
Timothy Sackton: For Wendy four hours.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: gonna knock it out.
Mike Sackton: Before I do anything else i'll weave the i'll just walk open the door crack let the shadow beast and tell it to go scout I wanted to.
Timothy Sackton: Open the outside door.
Mike Sackton: just opened the door crack to let the shadow out and close it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I just want to send it out to scout and last for an hour it's going to go four points around the city, make sure that and then patrol around the.
Mike Sackton: patrol around this building until it disappears.
Mike Sackton: Okay, Dan.
Mike Sackton: hey guys.
Timothy Sackton: So you're like you have to lift the bar like.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah door right yeah so so as i'm as you're doing this as the sound of the of the thud the stunned wolf hitting the ground echoes.
Timothy Sackton: In the quiet of the hallway.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The door this door slams open.
Timothy Sackton: Again, which Dan this this door here sorry why can't you see my.
Timothy Sackton: That door yeah.
Timothy Sackton: As as down with is going to.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: Open the back door and let the shadow beast out in the body of the wolf falls to the ground unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: The door slams open this door of a woman like ones across like sort of glaring it at you all.
Timothy Sackton: know it, and then, when she gets to him, she can she can still feel he's still breathing.
Timothy Sackton: And she sort of looks up around at you, and now see a seeker down the hall and seeker you you recognize her this is fall through.
Timothy Sackton: This is delegates wife.
Timothy Sackton: Another hearts down the sort of matriarch of the clan.
Timothy Sackton: As you see, is she sees you seeker and kind of looks questioningly at you.
Timothy Sackton: Is he.
Timothy Sackton: Will he be okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, we we just wanted to incapacitate.
Eric Rosenbaum: This this creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: When it's not a werewolf who is this.
Timothy Sackton: city heard any of you.
Oh no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He tried to.
Timothy Sackton: it's not himself right now.
That part.
Timothy Sackton: She starts crying again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait is there, someone named Doug that I know.
Timothy Sackton: Dag is one of the kids of the hard stone family.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is Dag.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I asked this is tag.
Timothy Sackton: She she kind of.
Timothy Sackton: threw sobs.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did this happen.
Timothy Sackton: kind of slumps on the floor.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know it must have been.
Timothy Sackton: The night of the.
Timothy Sackton: attack a month ago now.
Timothy Sackton: He liked to fiddle with his clocks late at night.
Eric Rosenbaum: clocks what.
Timothy Sackton: She points over at the workshop, and this little Shaw.
Timothy Sackton: wall of the workshop is just all of these clocks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are they actually like normal temporal clocks or something.
Timothy Sackton: strangers they look they're like all like sort of cuckoo clocks that have like a lab rat you know little.
Timothy Sackton: Car chemical things mechanical clock type type things um.
Eric Rosenbaum: boy shows promise but we've kind of cure him of this affliction don't we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let us help you make some better change, at least for now.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how he is so strong.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: Who can help us Can you help us.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can try.
Mike Sackton: We certainly can but.
Mike Sackton: You have to help us to.
Mike Sackton: seems um.
Mike Sackton: How did this happen.
Mike Sackton: And how did you know to change them up.
Mike Sackton: And, have you asked for help.
Already.
Timothy Sackton: She looks over at seeker.
Timothy Sackton: kind of questioning like.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know him.
Timothy Sackton: And we're awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're all friends here.
Eric Rosenbaum: These are my colleagues, friends allies.
Mike Sackton: Do you understand the danger you put everybody in this building in.
Timothy Sackton: She just starts crying again she says, do you have children.
Timothy Sackton: Stranger.
Mike Sackton: I have missed my chance for such thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this your child.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: My boy my youngest.
Timothy Sackton: don't tell the others, but my smartest to.
Timothy Sackton: hasn't even.
Timothy Sackton: been to the heart of the mountain and is destined, I think, for brilliance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sometimes brilliance can go astray.
Timothy Sackton: Is a good kid.
Timothy Sackton: He was.
Timothy Sackton: hurt in the attack, he said he saw.
Timothy Sackton: Some beast break in but we didn't know what it was.
Timothy Sackton: till.
Timothy Sackton: A couple of nights ago.
Timothy Sackton: said.
Timothy Sackton: He felt strange he had.
Timothy Sackton: Dreams at night.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't know what to do, but.
Timothy Sackton: He had dreams of.
Timothy Sackton: tearing us apart.
Timothy Sackton: kept having random thoughts, he said wondering what would it be like to kill to taste the blood of somebody's throat.
Timothy Sackton: He got scared.
Timothy Sackton: wanted to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: chained up until these feelings past.
Timothy Sackton: to know didn't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is anyone else afflicted.
Timothy Sackton: Not in our family.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And when did this happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: He was bitten in the attack a month ago she said.
Timothy Sackton: It healed.
Timothy Sackton: He was scared he said.
Timothy Sackton: He was afraid he was.
Timothy Sackton: infected by something when I found him that morning yelled at me to stay away, but he healed.
Timothy Sackton: thought it was gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM is a natural healing part of like entropy.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: sort of in the sense that.
Timothy Sackton: Non magical non silver weapons can't hurt them so wounds dealt by those weapons with heal faster than normal.
Timothy Sackton: gotcha but does not like anything, it would.
Timothy Sackton: It would depend on the source of the damage.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: If he wakes up in the state will be in danger, again, so we best.
Eric Rosenbaum: said about doing something for him.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he remember this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we don't do we know that.
Timothy Sackton: don't want him to remember this, he was scared enough.
Timothy Sackton: And you keep them from remembering.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't have that ability.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's all hope we can remove the inflection in the first place, which is something that we've never done before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well what's that they in the other basement in the monastery that ruins memories.
Timothy Sackton: That trapped a.
Timothy Sackton: la have that that.
Mike Sackton: that's a.
Timothy Sackton: psychedelic fargo monster.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I think that may not be approved for.
Mike Sackton: You know what occurs to me, would be a fairly safe place to keep a.
werewolf.
Eric Rosenbaum: In a bag of holding.
Eric Rosenbaum: In your in a magical mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: In our like monster collection perfect.
Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But, but I mean he's their son, we need to like give them back their sons and we don't it's like capture him as a monster, we want to like.
Eric Rosenbaum: hearing.
Eric Rosenbaum: That oh you're saying until it's like to.
Mike Sackton: Get wet people ate it out of the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is not a long term solution i'm saying, because a month from now.
Mike Sackton: it's not a long term solution, but it might be a short term one how long would it take us to get back to the.
Mike Sackton: monastery monastery.
Timothy Sackton: it's about four miles so out of out of quick march an hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, are you saying we shouldn't attempt the blessing cure here and now, we should try that at the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How would the blessing tempted.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know you've not done this before.
Eric Rosenbaum: You ask their deity for a blessing that's all it is.
there's no.
Mike Sackton: harm in trying.
Mike Sackton: But I think we might.
Mike Sackton: just wonder if we are.
Mike Sackton: Over matt.
Mike Sackton: me think a moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's always possible, given that it is currently nighttime in the full moon but there's other werewolves abroad in the city tonight.
Mike Sackton: Oh, so I sent the.
Eric Rosenbaum: sky.
Mike Sackton: shadow to scout.
Mike Sackton: Although in an hour, it will be gone.
Timothy Sackton: out perception check for your shadow.
Mike Sackton: minutes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think i'll hit back up to the roof and keep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I may head back to the monastery.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, if we're going to apply the blessing cure, we need you to do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do another.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking of trying myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fine by me.
Mike Sackton: My terrible might this the shadow creature is not built.
Mike Sackton: To scout it has a terrible perception.
Mike Sackton: of me I mean it's a very useful melee attacking creature, because it has fly by so we can dive bomb creatures and not get opportunity attacks when it flies away.
Mike Sackton: But it's not built for scouting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't see anything, can you.
Mike Sackton: know it has dark vision, but it only has a temporary has no perception boxes.
Right.
Mike Sackton: I got it what is 600 mode.
Timothy Sackton: it's got a 60 foot fly and dark version which is pretty.
Timothy Sackton: tight for skipping yes.
Mike Sackton: I need a version that cat that loses flyby and gains sense.
Timothy Sackton: well.
anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well let's try now before before I head back to the monastery.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the mother's name.
Timothy Sackton: My mother's name is Father I.
Eric Rosenbaum: fall through we're going to try a ritual now to bring back your son and remove this curse once and for all we're going to need.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think his favorite clock is there one among them, that is most special.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe the first one he made.
Timothy Sackton: All by himself without any help.
Timothy Sackton: sort of walk slowly over and takes definitely one of the smaller and less fancy clocks that are on the wall.
Timothy Sackton: hands it to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I turn it over admiring the stone and glass craftsmanship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed, the boy shows promise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're improvising a bit here deal with.
Eric Rosenbaum: You take the next part.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: was feeling confident.
Mike Sackton: they're fresh water.
Mike Sackton: mean i'm asking in character.
Timothy Sackton: We can yeah I can get some water.
Timothy Sackton: there's a well just down the end of the hallway connects to an underground cistern supplies the.
Timothy Sackton: archives in the palace in the temple.
Mike Sackton: let's bring him there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
So we.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's still a little sticky so just watch your feet yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Now that spell only last for a minute so it's.
Timothy Sackton: turned back into regular stone now.
Timothy Sackton: The two.
Timothy Sackton: The two other dwarves he saw the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Older dwarf who's who's her husband and.
Timothy Sackton: The other malgoire feels like you know kind of fit with black hair who who you seek are recognized as.
Timothy Sackton: As far as brother.
Eric Rosenbaum: The boys and.
Timothy Sackton: The boys uncle Jeff that the two of them help carry him.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: I need food.
Mike Sackton: The finest you have I know food is scarce here.
Mike Sackton: But I think the more precious the sacrifice, the more likely it will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: dealt with supposing I could manifest us some food that.
Eric Rosenbaum: wouldn't last more than an hour, but would that suffice, or does it have to be nourishing food.
Mike Sackton: Think nourishing food would be more effective.
Timothy Sackton: I will, I will find something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Timothy Sackton: i'll be back in a moment.
Timothy Sackton: She returns a few minutes later.
Timothy Sackton: i'm way off.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go ahead.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say seeker I could use your help to carve a crude altar here by this well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, of course.
Mike Sackton: one.
If you wish.
Mike Sackton: Just a place to put a sacrifices all.
Eric Rosenbaum: I probably can't magically shape the stone too much, but I can make a design and the surface of the stone, I think, with.
Timothy Sackton: Older so yeah that the.
Timothy Sackton: Space here is like a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: like an open wide hallway maybe 20 feet wide.
Timothy Sackton: To the This is like the library portion so there's a series of like store rooms, to the right and the left that you know that store both.
Timothy Sackton: Food and barrels of beer or barrels of wine and things like that and also like the bookstore as well or scroll starts so where the does like disorganized you can see kind of when you're down here, the state of the organization of the library there's just like disorganized piles of.
Timothy Sackton: of papers and no particular order right no nothing sort of marked are labeled or anything just papers kind of stuffed in shelves.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not great.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: But there's you know there's material as well, like the doors are responsible for upkeep of the of the building, which is right, you know hundreds of years old and and stone and so there's certainly material to to you know that they would use for masonry repairs that you could repurpose.
Eric Rosenbaum: Excellent so I literally could make a little stone altar in a few minutes.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So far, returns with.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: A whole chicken.
Timothy Sackton: clocked in and carved like a This is like the cold chicken they they roasted right yesterday, or something and we're saving for a nice meal yeah.
Mike Sackton: alright.
Mike Sackton: So i'll put the I will.
Mike Sackton: fetch some water from the well.
Mike Sackton: and put some water on the altar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only respond or him should know what to do.
Mike Sackton: yeah like anybody who you know knows how to talk to god's or what their magic is like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That part of the dude like denzel is hyper comfortable that once you want to try this try this first.
Mike Sackton: I just think that.
Mike Sackton: My hope is that.
Mike Sackton: This car can.
Mike Sackton: in some way infuse the magic I pull.
Mike Sackton: With the ability to remove this curse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, go for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And remember, we have to use the clock to I place the clock on the altar.
Mike Sackton: So I will place the chicken.
Mike Sackton: And the.
Mike Sackton: Water and the clock on the altar.
Mike Sackton: that's.
Mike Sackton: Okay here's a question.
Mike Sackton: What I know there's I don't know if I know this, what type of magic is closest to remove curse.
Mike Sackton: transmutation or aberration.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean you would you know anything that has to do with protection or.
Timothy Sackton: You know, breaking those kinds of connections would be great.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: I am going to.
Mike Sackton: say to say, as I sort of put these things on the altar.
Mike Sackton: Of a scar.
Mike Sackton: If you can hear me.
Mike Sackton: or reach through me.
Mike Sackton: This.
Mike Sackton: Innocent is suffering.
Mike Sackton: and needs to be broken, free and to find his way back to himself.
Mike Sackton: This clock.
Mike Sackton: can guide the way, but I need your help.
Mike Sackton: And then.
Mike Sackton: I will cast Armor of agate this on the werewolf.
Mike Sackton: Which is my only aberration spell.
Mike Sackton: At fourth level.
Mike Sackton: role, and we will try.
Hoping.
Mike Sackton: For it.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's awesome.
Mike Sackton: It only it only gives it like just a raji Tony how fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an interesting strategy.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You do this.
Timothy Sackton: The minute passes.
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens is begins to you start you feel you feel the cold.
Timothy Sackton: The water that you've placed there like begins to ice begins to form on the surface of the water.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The light begins to dim.
Timothy Sackton: Around.
Timothy Sackton: Like the torches here that are you know that that light, the in their their brackets, the two torches closest to the cistern.
Timothy Sackton: begin to dim.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: A minute passes.
Timothy Sackton: Two minutes.
Timothy Sackton: All that happens is you slowly feel the temperature of the room dropping.
Timothy Sackton: Until.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Five minutes as as now, the water begins to freeze more and more fault rob unable to.
Timothy Sackton: Hold yourself back just rushes forward and starts crying.
Mike Sackton: i'll i'll make sure she doesn't like hold up my hand wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait is there magical Armor appearing on.
The know.
Timothy Sackton: i'm and, as you hold up your hand you hear a whisper in your mind.
Timothy Sackton: letter cow.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'll let her go.
Timothy Sackton: And, as her tears fall on the body of the wolf the chickens starts to smoke.
Mike Sackton: that's a very good sign.
Timothy Sackton: ashes into fire.
Timothy Sackton: And as the ash burns away, you see the.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Timothy Sackton: Of the wolf also begin to.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly smolder it's it begins to her tears are landing on this for and freezing as they had and it's like little drops of like liquid nitrogen right you see the like little little vapors coming up.
Timothy Sackton: Until there was a crack.
Timothy Sackton: And it's like the skin of this creature falls away and lying on on the ground, next to the altar is a.
Timothy Sackton: Torben boy.
Timothy Sackton: Not not even 20.
Timothy Sackton: Naked curled up and foster just start sobbing gathers them up in her arms.
Timothy Sackton: And you hear you.
Timothy Sackton: Down with.
Timothy Sackton: there's a.
Timothy Sackton: it's not exactly.
Timothy Sackton: What would it be like so um you sense your shadow beast your connection to the shadow beast and suddenly as if there's like a.
Timothy Sackton: backlash of the power that.
Timothy Sackton: washed through you.
Timothy Sackton: As the.
Timothy Sackton: As the sacrifice burns.
Timothy Sackton: And you feel like almost stunned for a minute, as if, like a loud bow was wrong right next year and.
Mike Sackton: Also, just sway on his feet for a minute like he is very unsteady.
Mike Sackton: And that sort of breath, please sit down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell us looks like you've done it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We thank you.
Mike Sackton: It seems so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or, I suppose it's your God, we have to think.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I was not sure if he had it in him.
Eric Rosenbaum: He did.
Eric Rosenbaum: I crouched down to look over the Boise see look Okay, is he yeah.
Timothy Sackton: he's unconscious but he seems fine he's breathing he doesn't look wounded.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, not not injured that's interesting.
Timothy Sackton: I mean he's like.
Timothy Sackton: Still unconscious but there's not like big gash marks or anything like that seems to have healed someone.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna.
Eric Rosenbaum: say to fell through.
Eric Rosenbaum: It won't come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so we'll leave him in your care, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should say from my own experience.
Eric Rosenbaum: This the signs of promise that this boy shows.
Eric Rosenbaum: are wonderful and powerful but potentially dangerous and so.
Eric Rosenbaum: My advice to you is to make sure that he has the proper guidance and shaping his power.
Timothy Sackton: I will do what I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: For now we're just glad that he's okay he's come back to us.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: cannot believe it really.
Timothy Sackton: know what you are doing and.
Timothy Sackton: I am in your debt forever.
Timothy Sackton: there's anything you need.
Timothy Sackton: Please.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I consider all of us dwarves one big family but.
Eric Rosenbaum: If ever we need anything will will think of you and passing through and I haven't heard back the clock.
Mike Sackton: I would not disturb the boy today.
But.
Mike Sackton: In a day or so.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might have some question I.
Mike Sackton: See hear his story yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: I will ask him when he awakes if he feels strong enough to tell it.
Mike Sackton: We are staying at carolyn's you can reach us there.
Mike Sackton: And he is recovered.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might want to make sure that there's no other danger abroad.
Mike Sackton: Yes, the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): up on the roof through this any sites or sounds or anything.
Timothy Sackton: make a perception check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gonna head back to the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perception check.
Timothy Sackton: While this has been happening down below well be you've been.
Timothy Sackton: You know scouting from the roof now you don't have dark vision, but it is a full moon.
Timothy Sackton: and honestly you're probably relying on hearing, more than anything else, at this point i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Trying to just listen for anything suspicious any sounds any noises.
Timothy Sackton: And you do hear.
Timothy Sackton: Carrying faintly in the still air.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it could be casualties, but you're skeptical.
Timothy Sackton: A series of howls from fire to the north.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): they're coming towards the town.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But outside the walls probably are in.
Timothy Sackton: This is like.
Timothy Sackton: Like the edge of your hearing this is probably a mile or two away.
Timothy Sackton: Not necessarily getting closer.
Timothy Sackton: And there's 1000 strong army camped between.
Timothy Sackton: The noise and the town.
Timothy Sackton: And you listen for.
Timothy Sackton: Another 1015 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: there's one more long echoing how all that again.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe could be a coyote but.
Timothy Sackton: there's a chill to it that.
Timothy Sackton: Strikes you as something different.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: The noise go silent.
Timothy Sackton: Coming almost directly northwest of where you are.
Timothy Sackton: and probably a good mile off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well sure that.
there's anything to do with it.
Mike Sackton: I am going to.
Mike Sackton: How many tours are down here there's like.
Mike Sackton: Four that.
Timothy Sackton: The parent does.
Timothy Sackton: there's the parents or the uncle there's Dag and there's two other kids.
Timothy Sackton: So six total.
Eric Rosenbaum: The other kids are unaffected, hopefully.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Yes, they are unaffected.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Secret can you use your sensor to see what's out there.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean oh that's what you mean.
Mike Sackton: How long is what how long range is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need line of sight and it's up to a mile I think both of those things are true.
Timothy Sackton: You don't need line in fact you just described, where you want it to appear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: But it is a mile directly north west of here would.
Timothy Sackton: be a perfectly legitimate description.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's only a mile.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I can see you're here, but not both at once.
Timothy Sackton: But you can switch between.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it last 10 minutes and then things that can see and visibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: can see something right.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an interesting point you raise will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we could try that although.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the.
Timothy Sackton: dark go.
Timothy Sackton: For where are open area.
Now.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas every that was.
Mike Sackton: That was is still sitting.
Mike Sackton: By the wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay well.
Mike Sackton: he's watching.
Timothy Sackton: A welby is messaging kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah we're talking telepathically running on distance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I just had it back to the monastery.
Mike Sackton: And cancer was headed back to the monastery.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you should, so I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: A message down with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well we've got that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Well, but then kenza went habit of Kansas womack the monasteries.
Mike Sackton: The message.
Timothy Sackton: Well, because within tell it telepathy range right now have.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and.
dogs okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: hanging out with the words.
Eric Rosenbaum: But occasionally sort of like putting my finger to my ear to talk to my telepathy friend.
Eric Rosenbaum: trying not to seem psychotic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like Felix.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want to do.
Timothy Sackton: The doors are kind of gathering to like sleep at this point like father has taken dive into the leg living quarters and is trying to get them settled in a bad.
Timothy Sackton: The on call and.
Timothy Sackton: And dallek are are sort of talking quietly a little bit of ways, away from you.
Timothy Sackton: everybody's kind of giving down with like respectful space.
Eric Rosenbaum: So go over to deal with this i'm glad we're able to solve this problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it doesn't really tell us anything about the other two werewolves we believe to exist, who maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, outside of town or maybe that's the remnant of the crew that went out there.
Eric Rosenbaum: got bit and came back.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I wonder if.
Mike Sackton: seems sort of tired, like, I think.
Mike Sackton: hunting more werewolves tonight is not the best idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know we've come stay safe.
Mike Sackton: If they come no closer, I think we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unless they bite out of their control, and in fact them.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see.
Mike Sackton: The white cancer period it's kind of be fairly small right.
Mike Sackton: You only have a once in a month window if.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could buy the lot of people, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: You should check in with Arden.
Mike Sackton: there's something that's bothering.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: False author said.
Mike Sackton: Dag.
Mike Sackton: Had premonitions that something was gonna happen and was in South.
Mike Sackton: till a few nights ago.
Mike Sackton: If Corbett if what's the same court.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go here.
Timothy Sackton: Go here go.
Mike Sackton: Go veer was bitten.
Mike Sackton: And then in a rage came and attacked the archive.
Mike Sackton: what's he been doing for the last.
Eric Rosenbaum: year we don't know.
Mike Sackton: Like what why stay away.
Mike Sackton: i'd be most curious to know if bag remembers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there's some additional factor at play some sort of control, I say rubbing the rain, I have protection against.
Eric Rosenbaum: Someone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Someone making use of these werewolves to achieve.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some means to an end, related to Royal succession.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or perhaps where it's all just a coincidence.
Mike Sackton: And, and why did these to not become well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which to.
Mike Sackton: I guess, they were killed, and you can't become a werewolf if you're dead, the two for attacked.
Eric Rosenbaum: The two so sorry, there are two scribes the died, is that we mean.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It must have been there was at least one.
Eric Rosenbaum: is interesting so there's the two.
Eric Rosenbaum: archives staff that we think are werewolves now.
Eric Rosenbaum: There must have been at least one original werewolf to bite them, the first time.
Eric Rosenbaum: turn them at all.
Mike Sackton: This temple of chick if it is a.
Mike Sackton: For all we know the air and pandemonium.
Mike Sackton: That weeks through from this other plane makes you aware.
Mike Sackton: which, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that a reasonable have assists.
Mike Sackton: anything's a reasonable hypothesis about a plane, called the plane of madness doesn't have to make sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right suppose.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we have to assume that there's a werewolf that's been working north of the city for.
Mike Sackton: Many years.
Mike Sackton: I think that there must be.
Mike Sackton: But I don't know, but my.
Eric Rosenbaum: My there's a lot we don't know it.
Mike Sackton: It seems unlikely that that werewolves have been working here right.
Mike Sackton: wouldn't we we can hear them howling that.
Mike Sackton: Why would they not have been heard a month ago, I mean.
Mike Sackton: They months ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: They do they do seem to give away their their position and so people would have noticed the pattern of full moon and howling.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
it's true.
Mike Sackton: It seems to me more likely that something in this place of genetics created these two as the original werewolves.
Mike Sackton: agree for this round of infections.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Speaking of giving away position as it's been a few minutes of conversation are those holes coming closer or further or gone.
gone.
Timothy Sackton: If anything, they were getting further away.
Eric Rosenbaum: they've now button, the entire army and their work is done.
Mike Sackton: Think.
Mike Sackton: will suggest.
Mike Sackton: guess, we should stay.
Mike Sackton: Through the rest of the night.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: It does feel like whatever is going to happen has happened, perhaps returning to the monastery and door carolyn's would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: I for 1am not eager to travel overland in the in the night with the werewolves abroad.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenzo is obviously very confident.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'm embarrassed by wearables.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm sure Kansas fine traveling after midnight by moonlight on an end of wearables are out hmm.
exciting.
Mike Sackton: Now let's go back up.
Mike Sackton: We going to cover dealt with look at seeker we get to cover this up for the forbes, I guess, we are.
Eric Rosenbaum: They would prefer that no no it's a bit of a shame shameful.
affliction.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think for for for the boys sick.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's better not to spread the word, I think.
Yes, I think that's right.
Mike Sackton: we'll go back up and basically trying to calm down, you know basically try to de escalate the guards right like did we ever tell them we told them there's disturbance right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but nobody really knew anything other than.
Timothy Sackton: That you are gone for a while to guard the back door, and there was a few thumbs and.
Timothy Sackton: noises but the guards didn't hear the noises.
Timothy Sackton: Because they were outside.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, they when you come back up they like ask is everything okay.
Mike Sackton: Right yeah so.
Mike Sackton: reassure them will read well well tell art in that it seems like nothing approach the walls no dangerous came from outside.
Mike Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and.
Mike Sackton: mentioned that there was some.
Mike Sackton: We heard some.
Mike Sackton: Potential trouble way off to the north, but it, it does not seem like the archive is a target.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
But.
Mike Sackton: And so.
Mike Sackton: standing down, I mean tomorrow morning, you know we think it's probably reasonable to stand on the guards and we're gonna hang out for the rest of the night, but then.
Mike Sackton: get some rest.
Mike Sackton: The one thing that would that delis will put in, and that will ask him.
Mike Sackton: Is any information I don't know if we already asked us but anything he can find about this.
Mike Sackton: Genetic.
Mike Sackton: And, in particular, this supposed to temple or place to the north.
Mike Sackton: You must be some other records.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he already told you what he knew about genetic basically the connection to like entropy i'm right and there was the only.
Mike Sackton: Can he get one of his religion scribes to start a little research project like isn't the whole thing about the archive that there's like many, many scrolls and nobody really knows what's they're.
Timothy Sackton: Like yeah be quite useful.
Mike Sackton: For sub for somebody spend Oh, I want him to like commit to getting like two scribes to spend the next two weeks digging into this for us.
Mike Sackton: Not just like.
Timothy Sackton: Tell us what he knows right.
Mike Sackton: away because good scribes not the ones like him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I will say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That directly yeah yeah.
um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, he says that he will he will ask around and get try and get somebody to.
Timothy Sackton: get a few people to find what they can that meant that you know, maybe have.
Timothy Sackton: described generic or.
Timothy Sackton: The mad one or somehow explain this.
Timothy Sackton: divinity or whatever it is.
Mike Sackton: The other thing I really want is any this this all happened during the second hobgoblin rate.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: The immediately after right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I bet after the second goblin.
Mike Sackton: So, like any history of any anything that he can find it, but what was going on and how long ago was that.
Timothy Sackton: let's say this would have been.
Timothy Sackton: Like 120 years ago something like that.
Mike Sackton: So, like anything we can he can find about what was happening in Tokyo around the second, the end of the Second hobgoblin war was there any like.
Mike Sackton: I will for X mysterious deaths unexplained murders, like, I know that might be hard to find but.
Mike Sackton: The point is to get somebody from the archive to sort of.
Mike Sackton: dig into the second hobgoblin work specifically about.
Mike Sackton: The defensive.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: It might be that but i'm just i'm just reading that remember remember remember the session is it's really maybe there's nothing better than bundle 24 that we can't find but, like any other information about this commander ella.
Mike Sackton: Anything that he could find about.
Mike Sackton: Other letters wait about this strange called like.
Mike Sackton: It seems like there's a safe way to go there, it seems like a very useful to get the map.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, as you sort of ask it put this to him, you know, he says that, like this is what they've been looking for, like everything.
Timothy Sackton: Everything mentioned in so remember go via has this likes you know notebook with lots and lots of cryptic references to different parts of the archives and they've been trying to.
Timothy Sackton: So they've already covered that.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of it is they can't find.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: In particular, so he will.
Timothy Sackton: Like as he's talking and he sort of things a little bit more it's like it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's really the, the first to the second hobgoblin war and the vanquishing of the fraternity of the empty moon.
Timothy Sackton: That where the material seems to be hard to find.
Mike Sackton: What is that turned if.
Mike Sackton: God sorry go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: We found a lot of the material that.
Timothy Sackton: go there had referenced about the plague trees and the and the battle of the red storms and the battle of Chevron trevon Dirk.
Timothy Sackton: That that wasn't gather for you.
Timothy Sackton: If you would like to look through the material.
Mike Sackton: I think my friends seeker was interested in the plague trees, so of course anything you could gather.
Mike Sackton: What is the fraternity at the MTV do you.
Timothy Sackton: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 does comes, let me get back to the monastery alive.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it's actually a pretty quiet night, especially once you get south of the city.
Timothy Sackton: You arrive back to the monastery maybe.
Timothy Sackton: And just before midnight.
Timothy Sackton: The monastery is still in calm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing seems to have disturbed, though the night's sleep here.
Good.
Timothy Sackton: What are the rest of you doing.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Probably around 4am or 5am go back to that karen's sleep with my plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: supposed to do the same.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Mike Sackton: circle, you know, then I guess meet up with kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we should be back up to.
Mike Sackton: me after morning, I guess, we can go back to the monastery but there's a lot more to do and Pam we're gonna come back to town kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could talk about morning over the speaker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah whoa whoa whoa whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Are you all.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead there's a few things we could still do but yes go.
Timothy Sackton: This is gonna be the transition to morning so yeah.
Mike Sackton: Just.
Mike Sackton: Moving ahead so.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you all drift off to sleep in your respective places um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you.
Timothy Sackton: get along rest.
Timothy Sackton: Secret well be you have dreams i'm sending you messages.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And you wake.
Timothy Sackton: up.
Timothy Sackton: The morning of.
Timothy Sackton: July 2 now i'm seeker, while being dealt with in.
Timothy Sackton: karen's in your rooms at Koreans kenzo in the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: What would you like to do with the day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would you like to me to come into town.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think.
Mike Sackton: Our right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, our next goal, or at least kenzo would like to head north to start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To see if we can find soccer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hey I think we should go to the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): curve ansary to see if.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah always well there last night with the werewolves.
Mike Sackton: And I think so, too, and and.
Mike Sackton: Before we head out of town.
Mike Sackton: i've liked attacks Dag.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's just check in with the door of and family and see if they're okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we had a.
Mike Sackton: Very good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean maybe maybe the three of you take care of that and all all all hanging in the monastery and just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or, or should I mean you guys watch that was we're going North that to go ahead North through that the city anyways to go north, so why don't I.
Mike Sackton: mean yeah it's fun yeah.
Timothy Sackton: lisa's head over so you're just gonna have a quick breakfast and meet at the archives yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Can we do today Kevin mastery first and then meet at the arca give a little bit more time to recover before.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I have a question, so I think that's better.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sensible SLIM slip in.
Eric Rosenbaum: where's the carpenter.
Timothy Sackton: So it's on the West side of town just outside the walls.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's that's not where we heard the howling from right.
Mike Sackton: Now, almost to the north.
Eric Rosenbaum: pole.
Timothy Sackton: So where are you going.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's go there.
Timothy Sackton: So you're meeting there and then going to the archives.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: You meet kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: You know, probably, you know just after breakfast here so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, by the way, kenzo it in the morning um.
Timothy Sackton: As you're leaving the archives i'm.
Timothy Sackton: cassie comes up to you, and says kenzo hold up a minute i'm still working on those questions about it right and and and the gods but I, but I do have a map for your for your friend, while be this was easy to copy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He great.
Timothy Sackton: And she hands you a map.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't manage to put this on or 20, but it is.
Timothy Sackton: It is here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which one.
Timothy Sackton: I just posted Oh, is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's.
Mike Sackton: The folder but there's some.
Mike Sackton: info from APP.
Timothy Sackton: topia map yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, I can throw this on all 20.
Timothy Sackton: And you meet now on the West side of to grab i'm.
Timothy Sackton: At the outskirts of the of the caravan Sir I um, this is a big like open.
Timothy Sackton: area that serves that handles a lot of merchant traffic and also serves as a as a marketplace for like out of towners and travelers and anybody who doesn't want to like.
Timothy Sackton: pay the fees and the tools to to sell in the market square in town because, like a big courtyard with like rooms and shops stables, and then like tables and gathering places inside um.
Timothy Sackton: it's run by Dr shawna i'm middle aged and marley woman.
Timothy Sackton: And she.
Timothy Sackton: sees you all approach.
Timothy Sackton: recognizes you immediately from you know rumors are now racing around town of you arriving the day before.
Timothy Sackton: She says looks like we've got some heroes for breakfast come come i'm sure the driver love a towel.
Timothy Sackton: Are you here for food, drink tea.
Timothy Sackton: What can I get you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): heard the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wolves howling last night.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): North or west of the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did you hear those.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Any trouble out here.
Timothy Sackton: You know I mean there's there's coyote is most nights.
Timothy Sackton: it's not uncommon to hear them calling.
Mike Sackton: We were.
Mike Sackton: Suppose we could.
Mike Sackton: You tell a tale for the crowd but really we were here looking for some information if you had any.
Mike Sackton: About i'm.
Mike Sackton: Korean I keep forgetting his name.
Mike Sackton: Here we go here go here, we heard he used to hang out here, sometimes.
Timothy Sackton: He dead has he been found, I heard, he was missing.
Mike Sackton: know where.
Mike Sackton: we're trying to help find him.
Mike Sackton: thought it might be useful to talk to anybody who knew him or talk to him in his final days.
Timothy Sackton: He hasn't turned up by now he's probably dead, to be honest, sad, he was a good customer.
Timothy Sackton: News some stories to he can read a lot.
Timothy Sackton: You know, if you want to know more about him, you should really.
Timothy Sackton: Really talked to atia are and the old timers he points to.
Timothy Sackton: Like the small group of like maybe three men i'm all in their 60s all done Mario all sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know they look like sort of veteran types kind of hanging out at a at a long table they've all got like tea in front of them and they're kind of sitting and chatting and drinking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome go over introduce ourselves.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A shot our looks up his missing one I just got an eyepatch.
Timothy Sackton: He is old, at least in his 60s, but possibly early 70s, with short cropped white hair short white beard.
Timothy Sackton: And heavily wrinkled brown skin from sun and age and he's missing as right, as I mentioned, and he he sort of.
Timothy Sackton: looks up.
Timothy Sackton: And again, like.
Timothy Sackton: recognizes you as the four of you approach and kind of smiles and um.
Timothy Sackton: What kind of.
Timothy Sackton: portal old veteran do for such.
Timothy Sackton: tall tales.
Timothy Sackton: legends walking out of the myths.
Mike Sackton: Well, if you're like most veterans i've known you like to talk tell stories yourself.
Mike Sackton: we're looking for any stories, you could tell us about go via.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, go via.
Timothy Sackton: He was fascinated by the battles of the summer of red storms.
Timothy Sackton: Wanting to know.
Timothy Sackton: All about them, the signs of the god said that.
Timothy Sackton: Everything that everybody wrote about these events was poor and the stories of the soldiers who fought battles are more interesting than the commander's records of truth movements.
Timothy Sackton: What did it feel like he asked to have aguer fight on your side.
Timothy Sackton: That sort of thing he was endlessly curious he.
Timothy Sackton: He would come.
Timothy Sackton: You know, every couple of weeks with this little notebook and.
Timothy Sackton: buy us a drink and listen to us talk.
Timothy Sackton: Especially like the.
Timothy Sackton: stories of the final battle of that awful summer when.
Timothy Sackton: pack of maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 100 and 150 of these.
Timothy Sackton: Hyena light creatures these nodes that are called.
Timothy Sackton: Great beasts vicious teeth.
Timothy Sackton: But there was one that led this Pack that had this massive flail spiked along its chain, as well as the ball and would.
Timothy Sackton: drive the nose before him.
Timothy Sackton: With a weapon, as other hand.
Timothy Sackton: yelping and leading the Pack.
Timothy Sackton: must have been 500 inas running with them to.
Timothy Sackton: And they would.
Timothy Sackton: tear horses.
Timothy Sackton: See wrote into battle against them.
Timothy Sackton: Go for their ankles the hamstring name them.
Timothy Sackton: And so, in the last battle we left the horses behind, we did not want to sacrifice more of those great animals.
Timothy Sackton: But against the master.
Timothy Sackton: wall of shields and spears.
Timothy Sackton: Those hyenas couldn't do much of anything.
Timothy Sackton: Anyone.
Timothy Sackton: He thought there must be some clue to the gods.
Timothy Sackton: message in that battle.
Timothy Sackton: Should you protecting the horses something like that.
Mike Sackton: Did he ever find one.
Timothy Sackton: know the last time I saw him.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe five weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: He was on some new.
Timothy Sackton: mission some new obsession.
Timothy Sackton: Instead, he had found a map to the ruins of where the battle against the fraternity the empty moon was fought.
Timothy Sackton: Where they were driven away.
Timothy Sackton: wanted to know if any of us knew of any.
Timothy Sackton: Like strange places on the plains north of the city places that people have waited that we were told not to go.
Did you know any.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think this was what he was looking for, but he he thought it was this there is.
Timothy Sackton: A spot about 10 miles north of the city.
Timothy Sackton: I think there was an old forth there once but now, all that remains is like maybe one tower.
Timothy Sackton: But if you walk through if you spend too long in that area.
Timothy Sackton: People say you'll have nightmares for weeks horrible nightmares.
Timothy Sackton: dreams of killing your family and enjoying at.
Timothy Sackton: Your kids turning into monsters that attack you only to turn back into your kids once you've killed them.
Timothy Sackton: So no nobody goes there.
Timothy Sackton: But he was excited he thought this was this was the place that is mapped the place.
Timothy Sackton: Where there for eternity the empty mind empty moon was driven off.
Timothy Sackton: Wanting to go search thought, maybe he could.
Timothy Sackton: find what it was what how the gods protected our ancestors what allowed them to avoid these nightmares.
Timothy Sackton: I thought the sounded stupid, I mean I fought my share of battles, but nightmares nobody wants to fight nightmares.
Mike Sackton: Now I said recommend that.
Timothy Sackton: The gods would protect him.
Timothy Sackton: And, once he got an idea in his head he could not be dissuaded.
Timothy Sackton: As the last I saw him and I guess the gods didn't protect them.
Mike Sackton: How would one find the spot, if one were interested.
Mike Sackton: Give us.
Timothy Sackton: A match.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well sure the one that I got the copy.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be hands my pan and he says.
Timothy Sackton: it's right about.
Timothy Sackton: there.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait you can't see that nope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's plenty.
Timothy Sackton: Here you go.
Timothy Sackton: 20.
Mike Sackton: The red owl always see, is it out there, we go.
So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is the.
Timothy Sackton: North is up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but.
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't go there, if I were you.
Timothy Sackton: And I.
Timothy Sackton: told us all to him, but.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't, believe me, he said he saw go via the morning he disappeared, so he could have died and some strange ruins.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what he saw i'm sure he died in the strange ruins.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's the what's the approach to that place like.
Timothy Sackton: it's on a bit of a hell.
Timothy Sackton: You can see it for a few miles away but otherwise it's just open land.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's not some particular path to take to get there it's just they're.
Timothy Sackton: Not that I know I mean i'm not a full i've never been there.
Timothy Sackton: happy to fight demon spawn beasts on the battlefield a battle, but.
Timothy Sackton: Give me something I can stick a spirit into.
Timothy Sackton: not going to fight nightmares.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And when we had asked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The priestess like where saka saka was where can you put an on the exit pop they said all along the river.
Timothy Sackton: or along the river yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: She was she was North along the river.
Timothy Sackton: North along the river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: North along the river yep.
Timothy Sackton: She didn't know exactly where she was like go North along the river you'll find you'll see people ask them they'll tell you where she is I mean they're nomads right they're not permanently ever in one spot.
Right.
Mike Sackton: But they tend to mount.
Timothy Sackton: tam for for a few months, at a time.
Mike Sackton: happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The map, he was looking at the map, he was falling.
Mike Sackton: Do you know if there's anybody he might have showed it to you.
Mike Sackton: See close anybody else.
Mike Sackton: they'd be able to talk too much.
Timothy Sackton: friend haha I think his name once.
Timothy Sackton: They were like two peas in a pod.
Mike Sackton: How does missing to, of course.
Timothy Sackton: and heard.
Timothy Sackton: I bet they went together.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, probably two more dead bodies in those ruins.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Know anyone who's been up that way.
Mike Sackton: Anybody ever go there on a dare young foolish soldiers.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i've heard such a thing does happen, and then one of his companions kind of bateson says.
Timothy Sackton: sort of slaps him yeah you know I did that.
Timothy Sackton: sort of looks like don't encourage them.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will look at the guy who said, you know I did that said.
Mike Sackton: Care to share more was the place like.
Timothy Sackton: This was 50 years ago now.
Timothy Sackton: I was.
Timothy Sackton: Young.
Timothy Sackton: brash invincible warrior.
Timothy Sackton: Before the nose emerged across.
Timothy Sackton: The border to the east, before the summer of red storms.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing else to keep us entertained.
Timothy Sackton: All I remember his forte well two towers.
Timothy Sackton: And a deep gash in the earth.
Timothy Sackton: Like a sinkhole pit that seemed to drop away to infinity.
Timothy Sackton: And that.
Timothy Sackton: scared me and I ran.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: understandable.
Mike Sackton: wise.
Timothy Sackton: It almost seemed like the towers were.
Timothy Sackton: For it was not built.
Timothy Sackton: To look outward.
Timothy Sackton: It was looking garden oh.
gosh.
Timothy Sackton: I would not go back.
Timothy Sackton: every night for weeks, I dreamed.
Timothy Sackton: I don't remember, most of them.
Timothy Sackton: But every night I woke up in a sweat.
Timothy Sackton: No one, I do remember.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Everyone in my unit turned.
To.
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of mad tentacle thing and I fought them and as each one died.
Timothy Sackton: Their faces reappeared.
Timothy Sackton: My friends.
Timothy Sackton: And yet I kept stabbing them and stabbing them and stabbing them.
Timothy Sackton: No, I would not go back there again.
Timothy Sackton: It was a stupid dare.
Mike Sackton: well.
Mike Sackton: We certainly appreciate your stories.
Mike Sackton: i'm sure.
Mike Sackton: seems quite likely that.
Mike Sackton: Go Var.
Mike Sackton: y and the ground somewhere near that cash.
Timothy Sackton: Reading books.
Timothy Sackton: Reading too much, I said.
Timothy Sackton: I look up at the world sometimes.
For the stories.
Timothy Sackton: That go here is memory.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): memory.
Timothy Sackton: drink tea.
Timothy Sackton: kind of quiet pervades the Group for a minute.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should probably headed that direction.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I think so right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's pretty much like a logical thing for us to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can find them, we can block it up yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have a long rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah you make a good point actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, which so there, there are these three towers, which one is the Tower again just to make.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, these are done martial arts.
Yes, why X.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah.
Timothy Sackton: These are like that there used to be a string of border for it's sort of a half a day's ride or a day's ride north of to craft that stretched all the way along this is like the fort east of go matt like all the there was this whole string of border for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a nice this This may sound foolish.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if we traveled the north along the river in search of soccer.
worth.
Eric Rosenbaum: More than the river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Correct i'll, be it not quite in the direction of where this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where these atrocities may have occurred But what if we were to travel North along the river, first, to see if we can look at soccer and then go visit the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Red X on our way back.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, just to be clear, the luck and monks are visiting one of the done Mary towers.
Timothy Sackton: This one here the farthest East yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because they had some kind of dream vision about problems relating to that.
Timothy Sackton: Problems relating to like a like the sort of natural order of history being offended.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean that sounds important too.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Timothy Sackton: can't do every important thing got a PIC.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Rather, go on without you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be saying I, I think we should.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think kenzo that's a wise and just thing to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I think instead we should go to the red X hear me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm open minded.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it is attempting X.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For once it's not purely that it's a blank spot on the map with nothing there, although.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's part of it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, once the news of nine service declaration gets to the city all hell is going to break loose and I think it would be a good thing for us to not just be the heroes who returned night Sir to challenge the throne, but also to be the ones who solve you know the mystery of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awful werewolves here.
Mike Sackton: No and and not for nothing but.
Mike Sackton: I just have this feeling that the last time.
Mike Sackton: Something came out of this spot on the map, it turned into the mysterious battle against the What was it something empty moon.
Timothy Sackton: for eternity of the empty man.
Mike Sackton: The fraternity of the empty moon that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah knowles came out of the spot.
Mike Sackton: That that.
Mike Sackton: Was the.
Timothy Sackton: Summer of red storms.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are my number.
Mike Sackton: No, but but go via was convinced that the fraternity of the empty moon was defeated here at this port.
Eric Rosenbaum: full moon empty moon werewolves any relationship, why would you call what's the empty moon.
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't normally call.
Mike Sackton: It all.
Mike Sackton: sounds similar to me at you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, are you saying, but are you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just dealt with the be clear, you advocated me go to the X first or later.
Mike Sackton: I would wait.
Mike Sackton: Now Is it better to go close to the new.
Mike Sackton: Or is it better to go see I think the day after the full moon is the wrong day to go to the fort.
Mike Sackton: It just it just feels like when it's going to be strongest and whatever their.
Mike Sackton: feels.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A forest the journey will hardy so that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): My lunch.
Timothy Sackton: yeah ah, I mean that's not that far to the X.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Mike Sackton: yeah there's a so it feels it feels to me like a few days up the River to what the moon phase advance might be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It might.
Mike Sackton: Be it for me to say that none of us care about the health of our companions but it might be healthier at some level, then charging in you know right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the tracks will be, I mean the evidence will be freshest now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is maybe the only time to track their.
Mike Sackton: True so scout it but don't get sucked in.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could, of course, if we can get to within a mile have a look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that idea let's do that.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: So, like like.
Mike Sackton: let's try and avoid being there at nighttime when the Buddha is still mostly full.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's fine we won't get sucked in.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: won't feel compelled to go into that the the the X.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nobody even said anything about well only one person it's not even that many typical.
Mike Sackton: That my players.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe I shouldn't have said anything but typical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just sorry random question.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the dream.
Timothy Sackton: Why did you tell when you left did you like leave word with curious about where you could be found or did you just leave or what's your how have you left that in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah we prepared.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you prepaid.
Timothy Sackton: I did you.
Mike Sackton: I think I mean I.
Mike Sackton: I think we were just said.
Mike Sackton: You know we'll check in on message you know if anybody comes to working for us.
Mike Sackton: you'll be back in a few you know we'll chat like we I don't think we would have told I wouldn't feel like we should tell them.
Exactly.
Mike Sackton: What we should probably check back to see if dog if, before we to see if we got any messages at the end before we head out.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we want to talk to the dwarfs again yeah.
Mike Sackton: And let's stop like I mean we told the dwarfs to send us a message with dog was ready to talk right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah I think so.
Mike Sackton: So let's let's check back with karen's tell him.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we want to tell carrion that.
Mike Sackton: we're going out of town for a few days, so that if people.
Mike Sackton: I mean, why not right.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: So let's let's go back to the end will tell carrion that we're going out of town up forever for a couple days.
Mike Sackton: and try and leave a very vague about what we're doing.
Mike Sackton: If we come back as werewolves please urs instead of killing us now, I say that, but.
Mike Sackton: And then ask, if any, you know if any messages have come in your favorites for us, obviously, he could tell us.
Mike Sackton: And that right.
Timothy Sackton: So when you when you approach you come back to the city and, as you approach i'm curious there are.
Timothy Sackton: Six soldiers kind of loitering outside of the end.
Timothy Sackton: And as they see you approach, one of them ah kind of looks up and sort of not just another one.
Timothy Sackton: And they they approach you and you know, one of them sort of Captain like bows and says.
Timothy Sackton: i'm glad we caught you.
Timothy Sackton: Korean said you'd be back soon.
Timothy Sackton: alien.
Timothy Sackton: Requests the presence of your company.
Timothy Sackton: For a debriefing.
Timothy Sackton: Your earliest convenience.
Timothy Sackton: alien is the commander of the dunmurry army.
Eric Rosenbaum: Under the whole army.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be there at our earliest convenience.
Timothy Sackton: That that army that's camped outside the gates not like the entire army of the country, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, have we had any interaction with alien yet.
nope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm I look at the Howard trueness this request.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: We were told not to come back without you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm we were just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): stay here, then.
Timothy Sackton: While the blanks.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: What business, do you have that is more urgent than speaking with.
Timothy Sackton: The commander of the army camped outside the gates of the city.
Timothy Sackton: We know that you are there's nothing we can do to force you to come with us.
Timothy Sackton: But I must return empty handed I would know what to tell my command.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza looks at the party.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can go.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we'll end something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of looks at the soldiers you just give us a moment to be back and just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just give us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A group.
Mike Sackton: We just do we speak that nobody else speaks, by the way, anything.
Timothy Sackton: That does don't.
Mike Sackton: speak any language other than that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I saw the quantum language right there decided already.
Timothy Sackton: know you use your quantum language.
Timothy Sackton: That was the last la.
Timothy Sackton: don't teach the last year that's pretty cool.
Mike Sackton: I really don't.
Mike Sackton: We really don't have a good.
Mike Sackton: chat language that isn't that isn't that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's fine it's fine when we were.
Mike Sackton: There we know somebody.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or know something that.
Mike Sackton: Cancer doesn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a witness somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I think it'll be hard to escape this requests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We may as well go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could go to the red X and be back by like dinner.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, well, the cool it what what are what are is there anything legitimately to be worried about in visiting the captain of the army here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think the only issue now is it's likely that the captain of the army is aware of what's happening is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, in.
Mike Sackton: There are questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There will be questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: The political situation saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's kind of unavoidable, you know we can't run from the situation, although I think I think we can do our best to remain as a political as possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: If only we had some kind of sector that we could.
Mike Sackton: I would say, technically kids that we could run.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, running from the situation is not going to be wise at this critical juncture.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And so the idea of running.
Mike Sackton: is the same as declaring for.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cancer you your some bar right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm done Mari.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're dumber dumber can they.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): become like a rescue and do whatever they want with you right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean they could try.
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, justice and in Denmark also runs through the temples.
Timothy Sackton: So they could in theory like excommunicate you, which is actually a pretty serious penalty.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This could also be a totally innocuous request just having come from the east.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe they saw some werewolves who.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: knows yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, my only thing is, while the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me do the talking if you don't mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: and worst case scenario, we just put the whole army in the mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Work worst case scenario we break them your and that takes care of the arm for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like.
Timothy Sackton: The marriage in the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Air yeah we don't want to have it right wait.
Timothy Sackton: paying the factor, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: Bobby Bobby okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: General will be that to you, but.
Mike Sackton: worst case scenario, you attuned to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: worst case scenario it's hard audience are there and they want to fucking take the sector from us by force right then in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we get along risk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: We did get alone rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you how far are we from the camp that where the where the.
Timothy Sackton: me like.
Timothy Sackton: Half of my like the campus right outside the north gates of the.
city.
Timothy Sackton: Half a mile.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it worth doing clairvoyance right now she was going on at Camp.
Eric Rosenbaum: know if we'd learn enough, I could listen in.
Mike Sackton: I think the longer the more suspicious.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and it takes me you can't secretly path clairvoyance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Read doing.
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's just go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With it, but we can go up to our infrastructure for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Five minutes and get something while we can kind of work, their voices to be see if there's any is there.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a raise a good point, though.
Timothy Sackton: i'm now.
Timothy Sackton: Looking over at you suspiciously.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza goes over to the to goes over to the troops look will come with you just give us a few minutes to settle settle settle some affairs will be up to handle for now, but will come with you in 10 minutes okay we're just going to be up at stairs in our rooms, right now, all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I go.
Timothy Sackton: out you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's what's your name.
Timothy Sackton: i've run out of names on my list of names oh wait, I have one more.
Timothy Sackton: He is i'm a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On it will be back in a moment, you have my word okay well we'll be back in just a few moments we're just headed back up to our rooms will come will come back down shortly.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, okay I.
Timothy Sackton: will be here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will cat, so we are less than a mile from.
Eric Rosenbaum: The camp so i'll cast clairvoyance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Mike Sackton: Our recap as probably have seen visibility and they're going to see the clairvoyant I.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just a glowing ball, or whatever um yeah it's true it's interesting at the trends are there they'll know, maybe anyway, they probably aren't turtle answer um i'm going to place it in the commander's 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: With.
Eric Rosenbaum: start with vision.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah, can you.
Timothy Sackton: Where does the actual target, can you like, I mean you have not seen the commander's Ted right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the.
Timothy Sackton: obvious.
Timothy Sackton: I would say that's a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: just saying, like the commander's 10th is not an obvious location, because how do you know, which is the commander's.
intent and that's just a.
Timothy Sackton: You could say, like in the middle of the army camp, or in the biggest tent in the army camp or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The fanciest tent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: have we seen a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Most drivers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the most lavish tense.
Eric Rosenbaum: have we seen it done Mari army encampment.
Timothy Sackton: to know I could probably just a critical make it make an intelligence check with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Just straight intelligence.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucky bitch.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: you're guessing here.
Timothy Sackton: But I mean you can let's roll let's roll a D 20.
Timothy Sackton: it's above a 10 you get it in the in the 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice did not accidentally clairvoyance the latrine okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um.
Timothy Sackton: So you're just you're just listening right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I put i'll say vision first and then i'll switch to listening yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this is yeah the 10th of a second married commander there's like papers spread around there's um it's still relatively early in the morning and he seems to be just finishing up a meal.
Timothy Sackton: And you know as he's as he's finishing eating is like i'm yelling for some, like you, can you don't hear it, but you can see his lips moving i'm calling for somebody or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I switch to listen.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: footsteps as as somebody approaches and says.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you want, sir.
Timothy Sackton: Does does a.
Timothy Sackton: As on may come back yet with those folks.
Timothy Sackton: spin.
Timothy Sackton: An hour, since I left where could they be.
Timothy Sackton: Like I don't know, Sir, I can go check.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want me to ask.
Timothy Sackton: We asked Teresa to send them a message.
Timothy Sackton: flagging no need to involve her yet sure she'll want to meet them too, but.
Timothy Sackton: let's keep the target audience out of it for now.
Timothy Sackton: Just tell me when they get back.
Timothy Sackton: into speak with them.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, sir.
Timothy Sackton: goes quiet.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the name Teresa juicer.
Timothy Sackton: True, Sir, sir.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sir recognize the name so.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that tells us that thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um perhaps we should.
Timothy Sackton: Are you still envision or hearing the switch division or here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, if they if they're done talking i'll switch back division.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing seems to be happening for a minute or two.
Last.
Timothy Sackton: 10 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: He like looks down.
Timothy Sackton: His hand and you can see that he has a ring that's glowing and he curses some expletive and he gets up and runs out of the tent.
Mike Sackton: good job.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe we were just detected, but it didn't like look up at the spill.
Mike Sackton: Now is probably something that tells them being spied on.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah okay okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: A minute later um.
Timothy Sackton: He comes back.
Timothy Sackton: With a charter Indian woman.
Timothy Sackton: A young ish woman.
Timothy Sackton: Who like is looking around and then points up directly.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah um.
Timothy Sackton: And starts like.
Timothy Sackton: to him she's whispering directly into his ear super quietly.
Eric Rosenbaum: She knows what it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I click I can't hear.
Timothy Sackton: You just hear you can't hear what they're saying.
Timothy Sackton: said he looked outside of the tent again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: clairvoyance move, or does it just stay in one spot.
Timothy Sackton: fixed in one spot.
Eric Rosenbaum: They can move it and they probably know that to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you ended early.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can end it whenever you want.
Eric Rosenbaum: But seems like there's not much harm and keep it going what's they know it's there this.
Mike Sackton: Point like.
Mike Sackton: zoom I mean.
Mike Sackton: He has a wait for the 10 minutes right see if.
Timothy Sackton: So empty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As this is happening, I mean like So what do we do chart and here they are, they want to help the want to speak with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We speak, we have nothing to say I mean we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have the sector.
Mike Sackton: think anybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hopefully that I know that.
I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there's a way to talk to them on our own terms, instead of.
Eric Rosenbaum: escorted by their by the it done Miami.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just say we go see what they want and.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If the cause trouble that cause trouble.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can tell them the story of what we did well being vague about details we don't need to tell them about nyan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nyan.
Timothy Sackton: At and when the answer, sir.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sir, sir.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and when they asked, I will share the same exact same narrative that I really the facts that I told what's the name of the temple priestess again.
Timothy Sackton: kayla kayla.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I I I I trust your judgment kenzo and it's your decision to make I still feel like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For my part, the reason I shared it with the priestess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was to give time and attempt to prevent bloodshed yeah and I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I tend not to think that would be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The results of sharing it with this commander.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sharing but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): news about nine service return.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From what I know about dunmurry political situations isn't likely the priestess would have told me this general this army person like what they knew.
Eric Rosenbaum: The question.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you have no idea what.
Timothy Sackton: The last you know kayla went to go pray.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you have no idea, the outcome of that prayer like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but but I mean like doesn't make sense in general, for it to be like, for there to be a relationship between the.
Timothy Sackton: priests well so normally speaking yes.
Timothy Sackton: kayla is this person's boss.
Timothy Sackton: She is like the the you know the.
Timothy Sackton: super supreme commander of the entire city, and so, while the army is camped outside her gates like.
Timothy Sackton: it's you know it's a little bit delicate because, of course, she doesn't have nearly the military power.
Timothy Sackton: And so, she can't compel them, but let.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's the boss.
Timothy Sackton: She is.
Timothy Sackton: It would be, it would be seen as an affront to the gods if the army did not listen to her request when they are on her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're totally fine kayla's God, I mean we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kayla's you know blessings and so on, so far, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yeah.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, I would just be very careful about confirming anything because we don't know if she told him.
Mike Sackton: Why.
Mike Sackton: Did another thing if she did it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should I feel like we should also be concerned with the motives of the champions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what i'm most concerned about is the motive of the chart earnings and i'm most concerned about us walking in there with an item that they come it.
Eric Rosenbaum: has to do is that on us right now, or does that stashed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I believe it comes to a fight we can take them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the.
Timothy Sackton: The item right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: You currently carrying the sector.
Eric Rosenbaum: in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: till five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we're not surrendering this we're not surrendering the sector, why don't we hide it someplace the sector.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is.
Mike Sackton: too hard to hide here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's safer on our person.
If.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah if they try to take it by force, then we leave yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the worst case, if we do need to escape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we get out of the situation, who can fly and become invisible mala.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure hands flight.
Mike Sackton: White plus one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): plus one.
Timothy Sackton: plus two it visibility.
Mike Sackton: For plus 200 visibility that's a good point, except that demonstratively the Charter, and you can see invisible.
Timothy Sackton: officer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next session takes place we open in the.
Eric Rosenbaum: dungeon do follow.
Eric Rosenbaum: The city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): smash.
Timothy Sackton: So, are you having with the gods now.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: We should give them a story, but what we were doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All stars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Guardsman.
Timothy Sackton: I got paid on ask.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A man, you have that first cup of coffee for the day and.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah cuz.
Timothy Sackton: i'm they.
Timothy Sackton: They lead you out of the city.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm to the army camp it's probably five to 800 soldiers Captain rose takes you to attend to which you recognize from seekers will seeker recognizes.
Eric Rosenbaum: To are we going to deny the clairvoyance or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No well we'll say.
Timothy Sackton: i'm standing outside the end.
Timothy Sackton: i'm is a.
Timothy Sackton: sort of young like valet and this cardone and woman and the valet sort of stops you about 20 feet away from from the tent and motions the cerrone and over and she likes says yeah they're carrying a lot of magic and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I am, I am sorry he's like sort of stammering in a bit odd struck by you, the valet and he says, I am, I am sorry to ask this, but there was just a attempt to.
Timothy Sackton: spy on us, I am told by magic and the alien has declared that no magic can be brought into his presence until we better understand what has happened.
Timothy Sackton: So I am i'm sorry but I must ask you to leave your whatever magic items, you are carrying behind I promise, they will be safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's nothing to worry about the.
Eric Rosenbaum: precautionary measures we took.
Eric Rosenbaum: To investigate the site of our meeting is what you what you saw and so there's nothing to worry about.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you can let us take our our items with us in to the tent.
Timothy Sackton: maker persuasion check when disadvantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I try and assist to to get rid of the disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: How are you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm gonna say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Obviously, it seems suspect, but the reality is in the last few months we've walked into a lot of places where the first thing that's happened is someone has tried to kill us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I say as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What.
Timothy Sackton: i'll let you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go ahead yeah just just I just did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh hold on.
Mike Sackton: You guys are wrong, I have, I have on weight, but cancer with Dallas we're gonna add stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): motivate motivate to.
Mike Sackton: conquer his words out.
Mike Sackton: say something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: look like 10s of 10s of basically just like a addresses the valet and the chart odeon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And says yes on that was that was us investigating ahead, the nature of this meeting, and again I hope you appreciate the nature of our caution, but as my companion, will be a said over the past number of months we have seen incredibly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: disturbing and incredibly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: frightening situations where similar types of meetings may have been called similar types of traps have been set for us and we've had to use great caution so um that is the nature of exactly what you saw, and so we apologize for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Having to have used this magic in this in this moment, but again we've faced incredible dangers over the past several months to can't play it safe, but it was us.
Timothy Sackton: Hello Australia role you're not gonna get advantage on this.
Timothy Sackton: is fine, but you do have a motive fate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All let me, let me Let me run my question.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think.
Timothy Sackton: he's looking at you.
Timothy Sackton: Like in all and sort of.
Timothy Sackton: taken aback but also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think you should use your feet man.
Timothy Sackton: captain's commanders orders.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of look so if I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go for a die or something.
Timothy Sackton: looks over it i'm Theresa as well and she's kind of she just kind of shakes her head slightly.
mean so.
Timothy Sackton: I can't disobey direct order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just so we're not asking you to disobey but we won't go into the can't attend and relinquish our items, so the commander can come meet us out here, we can meet them inside with our items, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unfortunately we're not going to be able to communicate them without unburdening ourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the commander's welcome to come meet us here and again we pledge or I certainly pledge upon dish MMA locker and all of the gods of which I am initiate that we will cause the commander no harm certainly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're under here we're here under the care in the graces of Taylor and we fought for dunmore I myself in Denmark and we fought and lay our lives down for the Denmark people over the past number of months so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's nothing else, we can say about it but we're not going to relinquish items.
Timothy Sackton: she's sort of looks at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I pass over also to her that you know, but the various the kayla like stamp of you can do whatever the Fuck you want the city because you're awesome no.
Timothy Sackton: She looks back counts.
Mike Sackton: The counting lesson letter I forgot she did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah she did that's how we Adams of the archive and you know.
Timothy Sackton: That was work it into the archive see.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to do.
Timothy Sackton: She has that the valet and he says.
Timothy Sackton: All asked but.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think he's gonna agree.
Timothy Sackton: nobody's gonna attack you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just.
Timothy Sackton: asking you to.
Timothy Sackton: leave your items outside the.
Timothy Sackton: tent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We understand the request, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's not something that we will.
Timothy Sackton: watson's and magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will say, let me i'll say to kenzo telepathically What if you go in leave your stuff behind you can message me with any legacy can't message me I can telepathy with you, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can hang out here, you go in and have the conversation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect let's do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you're probably compromised friend, I will leave all of my as the one done Mari member of our party as well i'll leave all of my materials and items here under your under your care, and I can meet the I can meet Lillian.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and share answer any questions, whatever discussion about like the half.
Timothy Sackton: The valet is just like kind of looking around like have no idea what to do and and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just let hands kinds of lays all the stuff down or her the valley wants and it just points to the violin is like let's go inside.
Timothy Sackton: It just kind of like like stammers slightly and.
Timothy Sackton: amen and, like the guards are kind of standing around not sure what they should do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, like like takes the staff and gives it to the valet pulls all like the one that pulls all the shit out all this stuff and just leave it give them to them it's like let's go inside.
What.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many magic items and weapons is can have on and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I was.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was picturing secret doing this and it taking like two hours in the pile did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just takes us back off and puts a stamp on and just just you.
Mike Sackton: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just started walking.
Mike Sackton: Tragic can't see through.
Timothy Sackton: It it tells you.
Mike Sackton: how you see it right right.
Timothy Sackton: it's not you can't see an aura, but you can sense the presence of magic right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it tends to literally just takes off.
Timothy Sackton: Like you're.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: you're stopped like about 30 feet from the entrance to the 10th is where the.
Timothy Sackton: And, as he put some stuff down.
Timothy Sackton: You know Teresa walks with you yeah perfect and as soon as she gets to the entrance of the 10 she nods the valet like he's clear like one she's about 35 feet away from the pilot stuff and the rest of you.
Timothy Sackton: And motions you forward and.
Timothy Sackton: it's on you.
Timothy Sackton: You talk to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you you walk into the tent and.
Timothy Sackton: an alien is sort of pacing back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: I mean he's like.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, a you know, a somewhat experience soldier not obvious that he's seen a lot of combat he's not as old as he's not like in his 60s he's probably in his late 30s early 40s um but he's well belt wearing Armor.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that the he's not wearing any jewelry there's no rings on his fingers um.
Timothy Sackton: And ah, is he has a sword like.
Timothy Sackton: Like out any sort of like pacing with a sword slung over your shoulder like this i'm.
Timothy Sackton: turns as you enter.
Timothy Sackton: Where the rest of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's still outside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: comes out says they're still outside but billion, first allow me to apologize for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The use of magic in your space, and it was, I think the valley may have already communicated this, but it was a member of our party that was a member of our party that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was trying to investigate ahead to see if there were any traps, again we apologize for the use of magic in this way, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hope you'll appreciate over the past several months on being at the frontiers and Carola and facing the myriad dangers that we've had to deal with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: knowles warlocks of all kinds of stuff with you know creatures with strange magic on it's been an incredibly stressful and dangerous times so.
Timothy Sackton: wait before down and point set like slightly cutting you off points that i'd you and says.
Timothy Sackton: You should know that.
Timothy Sackton: spying.
Timothy Sackton: On a military command is a capital offense.
Timothy Sackton: ready then turns his sword, and like puts it down in the ground.
Timothy Sackton: But I will not.
Timothy Sackton: threaten you now.
Timothy Sackton: forever more pressing matter from the gods to deal with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can we be a service or how can I be of service.
Timothy Sackton: What do you know of the nine Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nine Sir as the the.
Timothy Sackton: The one you freed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What it, what do you know of nine Sarah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm asking the questions here you're on thin ice, as it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sam I am I saw cider.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: he's pretty agitated.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: upset like but also like you do get the sense like he is genuinely.
Timothy Sackton: feels driven by a mission from the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's this challenge rating.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Not as high as you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, so what what did, yes, I did.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, alright.
Mike Sackton: So I have challenged right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm nine Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, have you spoken with kayla about this topic, because I shared some information with kayla about nine Sir.
Timothy Sackton: It is on her behalf, but I am speaking to you now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, in that case, then what I have shared with kayla and I can reshare against you what I shared with her, but that is what I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were, I was completely transparent, we were considered as transparent in our conversation with with her.
Timothy Sackton: If she sat.
Timothy Sackton: On a battle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love that I have no idea I do not know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Certain meaning is nine service.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: What does she want.
Timothy Sackton: To you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These are actual in questions and I share with you in utmost sincerity as a done Mari myself and my companions our greatest wish is to avoid bloodshed our greatest wish is for the Denmark people to achieve peace to thrive in harmony.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Obviously the appearance of nine Saara is not a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An event, that is, without political consequence of course i'm not foolish enough to to see other ones, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In my brief interactions and in seeing her in Kerala.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not clear to me what her goal or motivation is, but I can share with you that my and my companions goal is to try to achieve peace and is to try to avoid bloodshed at all costs.
Timothy Sackton: You earn initiative, are you not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On down to the gods.
Timothy Sackton: What did you see in her soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh good.
Timothy Sackton: painter corruption.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good I.
know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From what I saw.
Timothy Sackton: At least is good news.
Timothy Sackton: And you have no idea who did this to her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As I shared the kayla we found her trapped inside inside one of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His tracks and so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who trapped her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What dealings, that person or persons may have had with the gotta is is unknown to us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): quick point of order, we think it was a good as henchmen who who did the abduction, but we don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on whose behalf, he did that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I say that right.
Timothy Sackton: Do you know where she is now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now, I do not, when we left Tara was she was still there in the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What has happened since done we did no no.
Timothy Sackton: Do you think she would listen to you Is there anyone she wouldn't listen to.
Timothy Sackton: We needed to get her a message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So laughs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's funny i've tried my whole life, instead of done more politics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hate to volunteer myself and my companions, but I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She would be likely to listen to us given.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our role in helping to free her.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sir message you'd like i'd like for us to to pass on.
Timothy Sackton: persuasion check.
Eric Rosenbaum: There we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First, reasonable roll all night.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at you.
Timothy Sackton: He says.
Timothy Sackton: kale left it to my judgment, after I met you.
Timothy Sackton: So much to say.
Timothy Sackton: I will admit.
Timothy Sackton: There is a part of me that.
Timothy Sackton: Is skeptical.
Timothy Sackton: you're spying your companions.
Timothy Sackton: cowardice.
Timothy Sackton: clinging to their.
Timothy Sackton: Weapons and whatever else they might possess and refusing to even speak with me.
Timothy Sackton: does not put you in a good light.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's not put them in a good light.
Timothy Sackton: little faith in them.
Timothy Sackton: They can see the gods.
Timothy Sackton: cling to you kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: So I will share the US.
Timothy Sackton: kayla told me she prayed all night asking sonkar what was to be done.
Timothy Sackton: And the only answer she received.
Timothy Sackton: Was.
Timothy Sackton: Vision after vision after vision.
Timothy Sackton: of death of.
Timothy Sackton: People being split into.
Timothy Sackton: and a sense of dread.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever the gods wish for done mar they do not wish us to fight.
Timothy Sackton: That much is clear.
Timothy Sackton: And so now i'm tasked with how to stop a war.
Timothy Sackton: don't even not even know that anybody wants.
Timothy Sackton: Except that.
Timothy Sackton: Wars often happen by accident.
Timothy Sackton: That anyone meaning it.
Timothy Sackton: Just by the force of events and destiny.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I would ask that this message get to serve.
Timothy Sackton: The political future, have done more, must be in the hands of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: To give us time to understand their purpose.
Timothy Sackton: She must not bring an army west of the heart.
Timothy Sackton: And we will not cross the River east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a very fair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: position.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I ask them, and if you are in trusting us to deliver this message I think that's a task that I certainly would be willing to take and i'm guessing my companions would as well, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what's the name of the king.
Timothy Sackton: cardenas.
partners.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know what karnofsky needs to do.
Timothy Sackton: is far.
Timothy Sackton: messages are slow.
Timothy Sackton: He is aware.
Timothy Sackton: magic lets us speak.
Timothy Sackton: But only briefly.
Timothy Sackton: plan.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Many are suspicious.
Timothy Sackton: of a woman who is a prisoner of a hag for eight years.
Timothy Sackton: had known to have.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I had known to.
Timothy Sackton: despise done more.
Timothy Sackton: and have a desire for misery.
Timothy Sackton: at her heart.
Timothy Sackton: there's little good that can come of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I understand that concern, but again as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amongst the party that freed her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She seemed as though the magic of her of where she was trapped.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She didn't have a memory of being trapped for eight years, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again, from my own my own examination of her, she seems to be untainted and on on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: affected by by Gaza, now that said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's a great political consequence, the question of who put her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the trap of who collaborated with a gotta to ensnare her this, we do not know, and this is a great and dire consequence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, one thing really I asked you, as a fellow done Mario, and again I appreciate and understand your your suspicions and I apologize again for getting off on the wrong foot with you here, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I ask what the kardashians are doing here.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: That is common knowledge that there has been.
Timothy Sackton: disruptions of a magical nature to the east.
Timothy Sackton: And one should not go to fight magic without magic at your back.
Timothy Sackton: I will say no more.
Timothy Sackton: And I agree.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: How this chain of events started themes of deep political importance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When i'm citing ilya when he's talking about the kardashians is he, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're awesome is he, like like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make an insight check with advantage because your soul say thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like is he, like, if you like, this is a relationship of convenience, am I scared of them, am I, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um what's his vibe.
Timothy Sackton: Say with 18 I mean his vibe is kind of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, he was ordered to work with these people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: But also like there is a bit of a genuine like he doesn't know what's out there.
Timothy Sackton: Does not that many of them, but they're pretty strong and like obviously they're useful like.
Timothy Sackton: Right you saw them being useful right so there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's a bit of I was ordered to work.
Timothy Sackton: With them I you know.
Timothy Sackton: I think I get along with them, but actually they turned out to be.
Timothy Sackton: Great group members right like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Leah would you like us to pass this message on to define sorry and pass this message on to them.
Timothy Sackton: If you know where to find her.
Timothy Sackton: I would greatly appreciate that.
Timothy Sackton: That would go a long way to making up for the.
Timothy Sackton: question of all actions of your companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again I share in that responsibility so any any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so don't don't please don't don't don't slap them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the road, I was, I was a part of that decision as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is something that we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All i'll discuss with my companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is also scroll Sunday that's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's very interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He has there any other anything else you'd like to discuss, for the moment.
Timothy Sackton: That is all, and I thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And ilya again my deepest apologies for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For our transgression, but I hope you also understand our caution and my caution, given the events that have unfolded, given the dealings, even with the gods on our side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I appreciate greatly your your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your sharing of of what you know, and let me discuss with my companions how best we can, we can get the message to Syria.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of nods instead I.
Timothy Sackton: If there was anyone else.
Timothy Sackton: Your head would be on the floor.
Timothy Sackton: Those who killed a gotta.
Timothy Sackton: I imagine dealing with a creature, such as her mustn't do quite a bunch of paranoia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have no idea dealing with a witch like that nothing is what it seems no message seems what it's what it should be no doorway No Entry way seems what it means what it should be.
Timothy Sackton: When did it occur with just her messing with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is no paranoia that is too extreme when talking about her given our experience.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: concert with your companions.
Timothy Sackton: Let me know when you're ready to leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A shell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: step outside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look around to the garden might if we have a moment companions.
yeah they'll a little little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: share what what what happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like this is kind of a best case scenario.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're really saved us there kenza thanks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think i've said anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But um I think we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My I am incredibly conflicted because we traveled all this way and I really want to see what the Fuck is going on North this river and go talk to a soccer but i'm stopping a Denmark civil war seems to be a little bit more important at this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the question is, is how to get a message to answer.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we do have ones girl of sending that we could use.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that correct him we could actually just directly contact her.
yep.
Mike Sackton: Is that 25 words.
Timothy Sackton: that's 25 words and she can respond with 25 words.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, this, the truth is simple enough to describe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we describe it and 25 words.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you don't cross the River they won't either like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way to verify that it's from us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like these scrolls have like a like a you know.
Timothy Sackton: We check with us he does sending spell in contrast with the message stones, which are just speakerphones the sending spell itself your identity is revealed to the person you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know we've we've met her before so yeah exactly.
Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: clear enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so we could we could send the message in that asked, do you accept.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it's true we don't know exactly where she is so take us potentially a while, would you go back to Kerala but yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should use a small.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She could be all over the place, Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She could use.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there any other options can we send a messenger or someone else.
Eric Rosenbaum: trusted out in the countryside, or some other form of magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean doesn't seem like it seems like either we go in person, or we send the trustee verified scroll message that they can tell us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right let's use the scroll then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: yeah, though.
Mike Sackton: Thank using the school.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you gonna say.
Mike Sackton: What are we going to do when she says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For 25 for.
Mike Sackton: message now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then we fucking tell we tell the general and then we proceed and go go deal with a you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's like at some point it's not our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's our exactly we've done our part on our.
Eric Rosenbaum: So who is offering, so we will have to complete your message now.
Mike Sackton: yeah but but also couldn't anybody, I mean couldn't the charge on the cast the scroll past sending.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your resume raise a good question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but then it'd be coming from the cardone and you.
Timothy Sackton: can't pass sending on somebody you you can't send to edit somebody who haven't met or you don't know personally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: there's tons of people who know, sir.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, if one of them knew the sending spell and was here, they could do that.
Timothy Sackton: None of the Charter Indians know her.
Right.
Mike Sackton: Sending not a cleric spell none of these clerics know sending.
Timothy Sackton: know it is a cleric spell.
Timothy Sackton: But there's not a lot of clerics there's not a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: Fifth level clerics around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can we can easily.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: describe the the the the rules of the truce in 25 words, I guess, the question is, is there anything else, we want to include in this message that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh well, he's already drafted one.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we've got a 23 words.
Eric Rosenbaum: impressive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know the only other thing that comes to mind, because we can probably condense that some is, if we want to offer you know, a yes or no, but also, like me, you know, send a messenger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you want to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you want a range of physical meeting, this is the only chance we really have to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly exactly I think I think it's like we have to do something, beyond the yes or no, just to like make sure they am.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a question, who is on the near side of this true software it's not the King it's the communicator it's the.
Timothy Sackton: The army, that is, in the field.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: which cares about the King when there's an army right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's the only have two most.
Immediate.
Timothy Sackton: Is the army of Tokyo, yes, well it's the art, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: The way that done Mario army work like there's no like standing army right, these are like people who were like just herders and nomads who are called into serve us.
Mike Sackton: But it's the only army in the field right, I mean it's not.
Timothy Sackton: The owner.
Mike Sackton: Is the commander of the only militarized force currently active and done it's not that the King can send another army.
Timothy Sackton: right but.
Mike Sackton: So yeah.
question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, another draft.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm just working on.
Eric Rosenbaum: um I like the framing is it's coming not from the army, but from kayla yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, she led it up to ilya to decide who was now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we want to run it by her before sending it to.
Mike Sackton: US five words no words.
Eric Rosenbaum: TELCO doesn't have emoji i'm.
Timothy Sackton: seekers next.
Timothy Sackton: invention sending emerging.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meetings East out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a halfway meeting.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: The meeting, she is not good, no, no, we don't want to we don't want to ask her to cross the hard.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard line on the map.
Mike Sackton: Oh hires the one okay so she could ride up to toe cried be in compliance she could camper army outside of tokens to see each half of it still be in compliance.
Timothy Sackton: Well, she couldn't besieged toker.
Mike Sackton: Because.
Timothy Sackton: I couldn't cross.
Mike Sackton: cross the river.
Mike Sackton: Right Okay, I, for some reason I thought the higher was out by.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me just say meet at the River meet at the river and.
Timothy Sackton: There aren't really small towns.
Eric Rosenbaum: How long does.
Eric Rosenbaum: It take.
Timothy Sackton: To do a plane Sir campground yeah there's like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's waypoints.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we predict how long.
Eric Rosenbaum: The meeting should be after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and right.
Mike Sackton: After that.
Mike Sackton: Interesting sending do we know offhand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does he.
Timothy Sackton: not know offhand if kendra so I can cast sending.
Timothy Sackton: I am sure that one of those lacan yeah miss die, who are out at the Tower right now can cast sending.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With this this kayla knows offer shoes state used to whatever they will after go after god's will then accept question mark.
Mike Sackton: See I don't think we should be it's it feels presumptuous to be trying to tell her to set up.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's not really up to us that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah but we didn't beyond what we've been asked to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, whatever whatever we can pose here i'm gonna run it by aaliyah to let them know that we're casting a spell we're giving this exact thing, so they can he can then decide okay i'm kayla has you know given him the authority to make this decision so.
Eric Rosenbaum: gotcha.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So does that sound good everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of shorts do you want to recompose.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, do I have to make an ability to check to use this thing to.
Timothy Sackton: Sending know sending is a bardstown.
Mike Sackton: you'll have to make an ability check to spell off a scroll which is not.
Mike Sackton: I would say sonkar fears war dreads sonkar dreads war.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can make a copy of this thing before we using it.
Timothy Sackton: Now, well, you could, but it would take some time or take several days many days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Days.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got two more words.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Love us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a good message your friends i'll share this draft, with a so explain to Leah Leah you know we have this, we have the ability to send a message with sending scrolls be like, I think that they would know about.
Mike Sackton: yeah he.
Timothy Sackton: I mean yeah he knows about sending he just doesn't have anybody who can have sending.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: notice so.
Timothy Sackton: Sir.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I explained it explained to him that we have the scroll that we can actually reach out to her right away, this is the message we propose to sense, what do you think.
Timothy Sackton: that's gonna save you a lot of writing if it works.
It will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you prefer this message.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's fine with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you also agree on because again will will close will conclude the message with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sending a messenger as well, so that a more direct communication can be a director more direct communication can be helped between between your parties.
Timothy Sackton: powered be ideal, even if only to.
Timothy Sackton: help make sure trees can hold and figure out.
Timothy Sackton: How to discern the gods well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can he promised safe conduct that could be our last two words.
Timothy Sackton: I can promise save conduct for a messenger not for her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So send messenger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Safety promised.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so let me, let me put down the full thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had a funny moment where I copy pasted it thinking okay now you just need to, and I can just paste it into the scroll sending.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like instant messengers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that'd be cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let me copy it, but you guys oh that's why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Fuck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The soul site makes us think that some car is earnest about this this isn't just like a ploy for reinforcements or something like he really believes this thing.
Mike Sackton: song cause the God.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah sorry sorry who's the.
Timothy Sackton: alien alien.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, Kansas impression was that alien was.
Timothy Sackton: Ernest wow.
Timothy Sackton: Hello was deeply Ernest alien is enough of a you know.
Timothy Sackton: loyal soldier to.
Timothy Sackton: take that to heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If he approves TIM let's let's send the shit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): should be Lillian offers truce.
Mike Sackton: I would actually move the offers truce opt it after kayla because ultimately.
Mike Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: offers truce.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well praise discern god's well sankara.
Timothy Sackton: dreads war X yeah.
Mike Sackton: Exactly yeah I love soccer dreads war two after a while priests sorry.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Secret takes out the scroll.
Timothy Sackton: And you begin casting and the scroll begins to.
Timothy Sackton: burn up.
Timothy Sackton: And, as it burns to ash it blows away.
Timothy Sackton: And you speak this message willing it to reach sarah's ears.
Timothy Sackton: And for a long time there's silence.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: you hear back.
Timothy Sackton: I also.
Timothy Sackton: wish to know god's will.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know how.
Timothy Sackton: Their will will.
Timothy Sackton: be known.
Timothy Sackton: But until then.
Timothy Sackton: I will not fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the truth.
accepted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's like.
Mike Sackton: When she did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With, but when she did anything about sending a messenger.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: She might do that didn't mention.
Timothy Sackton: She didn't mention but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, you're.
Timothy Sackton: You know you don't know whether she will send a messenger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We just need to take a beat that, in the space of a month because the end end of the civil war.
Mike Sackton: A oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So TIM, how do we know that, how do we know that they gave the message math like what's the we got to be at something written back from them or.
Timothy Sackton: or here's the in his head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I write it down quickly so that we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bring it to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so I can I communicate to alien.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and explain that you know, this is, this is a message you know share.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The good news that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That she's accepted the offer.
Timothy Sackton: He looks incredibly relieved and says.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: I hope this buys us at least a few weeks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know alien.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm guessing kayla know kayla knows this as well, but when the lock and monks returns, the monastery, you will have the ability to communicate with her again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At least one of the most in the monastery will is able to produce the same type of magic we use to communicate with her just now, so when the monks return i'm sure you are kayla be wise for you to contact the monastery and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you wish to send an additional communicate i'm sure you could do so then.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed kayla deeply desires them.
Timothy Sackton: guidance of La now.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm sure they will speak when she returns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then billion i'm grateful that we could be of service and that this message was communicated to sorry I honestly am tremendously relieved to hear your door and kayla's position.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my companions and I have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Prior to meeting your guards had plan to journey North along the river for a few days before returning back to to grow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We would plan to continue to do so, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If there's any other version task or conversation you'd like to have before we depart please, please let us know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have any said quiffs.
Eric Rosenbaum: We collect them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me, you should ask.
Timothy Sackton: hey I appreciate the offer.
Timothy Sackton: But I think.
Timothy Sackton: Until throws messenger arrives.
Timothy Sackton: till we know more.
Timothy Sackton: Until the god's will is clear.
Timothy Sackton: There is little to do but wait and pray.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, he is to tell me when you return.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We shall we shall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And thank you again for your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For your decision.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think you've saved lives today.
Timothy Sackton: I hope so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So bows and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sees his companions classes at the chart on Ian.
Timothy Sackton: She cannot spend looking over at all of you, like kind of like.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit skeptical.
Timothy Sackton: And like also there's like a note of like deep curiosity like what are they carrying that they're so reluctant to part with that they won't.
Timothy Sackton: But don't like risk everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But god's given me and shall we get out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks so much.
Eric Rosenbaum: It.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, you heading North now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did we have all of our shit for a journey north.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can go get your gear and mountains and stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You get to hear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So are we are we going to see the monks first or the portal to hell first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also, we hadn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We hadn't decided yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: ticking child.
Mike Sackton: We should check in and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: see that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good call.
Timothy Sackton: Ah there's there's no message from.
Timothy Sackton: Well there's no, there is a message, so you go back to the end to like sort of recover your gear and um you know there's a message from from foster I like um.
Timothy Sackton: he's a way he he will briefly this morning and eight but is sleeping again now dreaming and fitful.
Timothy Sackton: I think he needs another day or two to rest before he'll be able to speak, he doesn't remember last night but.
Timothy Sackton: It seems.
Timothy Sackton: Much of the past month is is now fuzzy in his mind, and I hope that rest.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Calm will restore him, please, if you don't mind waiting at least a day.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's not bother him he doesn't remember last night's.
Eric Rosenbaum: checking this.
Eric Rosenbaum: will check on chicken on you all, when we come back through town.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe that his forgetting is the best thing for his healing.
So true.
Timothy Sackton: Bernardo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: companions did you want to do we had first of the portal of hell, do you want to travel to the rough along the river.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mean we could stop by hell and still get to the river, you know, like close to dinner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: clairvoyance, as proven to be very useful, although nearly killed us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or me.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an interesting point about the potential downsides in with clairvoyance and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It also suggest we may want to familiarize ourselves with like the list of capital offenses in any country where.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's so easy to say in retrospect, will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: so obvious.
Eric Rosenbaum: in hindsight so.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I think we could use clairvoyance and go see that there is indeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: A really spooky forbidding hole in the ground between two towers.
Mike Sackton: He.
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting to find out what we can see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, if i'm thinking to if we want to track, you know today's probably our best bet.
Eric Rosenbaum: That tracking good point about the.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah werewolf tracking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah and if there is a hole or something I mean if that tower is meant to contain you know and there's a whole it'd be nice to have someone who can move stone around we'll get back up again.
Eric Rosenbaum: not obvious that that's how it works, but it's an interesting thought.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Although dealt with is making a lot of exasperated noises in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The background level.
Mike Sackton: super excited about going, and you know accidentally slaughtering overview or anything like that, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait what well why would that happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I, are you slaughtering us.
Mike Sackton: Because the didn't TIM i'm misremembering did one of the people say that one of the things that happens when you go close the towers You attack your companions.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Before one point.
Eric Rosenbaum: That has happened.
Mike Sackton: Or that has happened before.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When did.
Timothy Sackton: The child frog ours tower.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: The storm that we're missing eyes.
Mike Sackton: yeah um and.
Mike Sackton: I could be wrong, but it just feels like the magic of the place may be stronger around the full and empty.
Mike Sackton: I think, maybe skirting the edge to look for signs sure look.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I think so, and if we pick up a trail, then we make the decision then.
Mike Sackton: yeah but let's not go too close just yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm completely for that I think a mile away so we can run, so we can do a little fiber.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other than that, we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learn what we can learn and then move to the river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we do this in the daytime.
Eric Rosenbaum: daytime.
Eric Rosenbaum: This.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you leave to craft writing North just after lunch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's maybe only a two hour ride to the floor and um and, as you as you sort of head in that direction um.
Timothy Sackton: You pass quickly three like the sort of farmland, that the outskirts of toker and.
Timothy Sackton: come to an area that seems.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's no people around there's no herds in the distance there's not even any animals It just seems quiet.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see, like when you're maybe three four miles off um you can see the sort of low rise and the distance this low hell that sort of.
Timothy Sackton: comes up slightly from the horizon too far away to see the details of any towers, or anything like that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Continuing to approach stopping when you're like a mile away that your plan.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah and if we're coming from the west and south, then, in principle, we should, if there were tracks going from the city back there again we should cross them at some point so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm Okay, make a survival check.
Timothy Sackton: You do actually find well be as your sort of you head out of town to the north date go to the army and can meant and then turn sort of West curving to the north.
Timothy Sackton: And when you're still may be about.
Timothy Sackton: two miles from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the red X from this Fort um you do pick up what seems to be a lightly used trail.
Timothy Sackton: Running sort of north, south not directly back towards the city running like if it kept if you follow the trail you'd hit the road, maybe half a mile west of the city and then running North towards the.
Timothy Sackton: towards the fort and it's it's not really a marked trail or anything you're probably only noticing it because.
Timothy Sackton: You see, fresh.
Timothy Sackton: A mix actually of boot prints and clock prints.
Timothy Sackton: Recent from maybe a day or two ago.
Timothy Sackton: As.
Timothy Sackton: This people traveling.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: All the printer reason, but the clock runs in the blueprints the people traveling here we're not traveling particularly cautiously, which is the only reason you notice the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the disturbed grass, the occasional.
Timothy Sackton: he'll print in the dirt the the kicked rock.
Timothy Sackton: But these are the blueprints just look like normal blueprints but the claws are.
Timothy Sackton: Large, this is not a normal animal.
Timothy Sackton: it's definitely not a coyote.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): say we tend to follow.
Timothy Sackton: north or south.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's interesting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think North because the howls appeared to be getting more distant.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): which they.
Mike Sackton: Are how far to that were like two miles from the.
X.
Timothy Sackton: you're about two miles from the X yeah.
Mike Sackton: So we're already what three miles from the city.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah although.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it'd be interesting to see where the other end of this trump goes to.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think we should go south.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's going to intersect the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And if it continues.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does it like go to some access point to the city or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or yeah i'm convinced without me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay know what's out the northen.
Eric Rosenbaum: If.
Timothy Sackton: you follow the trail South for maybe.
Timothy Sackton: A mile two miles.
Timothy Sackton: Two and a half miles, you can see the walls of the city now you're a bit to the west of the city and there's still a bit west of the city and a bit north of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the road, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe half mile from the city when the trail turns abruptly.
Timothy Sackton: East.
Timothy Sackton: continues for about 200 yards and then stops in.
Timothy Sackton: there's like a little the terrain here like it's mostly planes you're sort of the to the west of the city there's not so much farms, the farms just run up and down the river pretty much exclusively where there's water and irrigation.
Timothy Sackton: And, and you come to the trail sort of ends in a little bit of a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a just a small small TAO where there's a pile of rocks like rubble kind of strewn on the South edge of this TAO.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking around at the geology is this.
Eric Rosenbaum: tunnel entrance.
Timothy Sackton: make our investigation jack.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I Swami.
Mike Sackton: Does some good investigation roles folks.
beaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You you notice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Three everything the meaning of life underneath.
Timothy Sackton: One is that.
Timothy Sackton: These boulders have been moved within the past have been rolled into place within the past 24 hours.
Timothy Sackton: Like you can see the grass around here has been slightly flattened as they've been rolled.
Timothy Sackton: And like sort of walking around.
Timothy Sackton: The when you come up to the lake so there's a there's a like a little bit of adele in the ground and those boulders on the South end you sort of walk up to the top of the lip.
Timothy Sackton: And there is a tiny gap like between the where the boulders are piled up in the top that's like you're looking down into a tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: And then um.
Timothy Sackton: You also see.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: So so you're sort of walking up here you come up to the top you're sort of looking down through the boulders and you can see what looks like the floor of the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: And as you're sort of poking around in there, trying to figure this all out um you can also see that there seems to be like you see a glint of like.
Timothy Sackton: A chain, or something on the inside, like on the inside behind there's like clearly space behind these boulders.
Timothy Sackton: So it's like there's a tunnel behind the boulders and there's a chain sort of on the ground, behind the tunnel.
Eric Rosenbaum: some kind of trap, maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: How far are we from the edge of town.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe half mile.
Eric Rosenbaum: Significant excavation.
Eric Rosenbaum: And as a long, long tunnel right, I mean not for dwarves but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not our towards.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: It yeah it's probably not if it's probably not actually half mile To be honest, like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're you're sort of.
Timothy Sackton: it's a it was clearly some distance right like you're not 100 feet.
Timothy Sackton: right but you're like somewhere between a few hundred and 50.
Timothy Sackton: Like a few you know 1000 feet 2000 feet something like that probably not quite half a mile.
Mike Sackton: away we there's a little hole where we can see in.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I will summon shadow Hawk inside the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: Nice okay.
Mike Sackton: And I will send it.
Mike Sackton: As far as it can fly.
Mike Sackton: towards the city.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: 30 miles an hour, so it can go pretty far in and out, I mean I wanted to actually come back after a half hour, so it can I can't talk, but we could find a way to get it to tell us what it saw.
Timothy Sackton: So it flies.
Timothy Sackton: Down the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: And it comes after some distance to a.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like a blank door.
Timothy Sackton: that's a steal a metal door.
Timothy Sackton: flies back out in like scratches and metal door on the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): behind that door.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Can we move the boulders.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a SEC, perhaps we should check for any sort of booby traps.
Timothy Sackton: mean you're pretty sure.
Timothy Sackton: I saw a booby trap.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like it's the chain is like attached to a boulder and it's like connected to something so if you shift that boulder it's going to.
trigger yeah.
Mike Sackton: let's not move the boulders.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are there.
Timothy Sackton: No trees.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, if we if what needs doing is like a continuous tension on the chain, we like reaching tie a rope to it and then anchor that to a point that's not the rock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might also be able to.
Eric Rosenbaum: penetrate into the tunnel from above, it elsewhere.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh yeah we go around this whole thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that is that possible.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's just dirt.
that's.
Timothy Sackton: Masquerading dirt.
Mike Sackton: Just cut into old earth from right here, where we can see through.
Eric Rosenbaum: So only only disadvantage would be, we would obviously be making a giant scar and whole and we would be able to cover our tracks very easily.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess disabling the booby trap, but also alert people that we had come in, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's just cut a hole in yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it takes you like a two minutes to.
Timothy Sackton: blast a hole through the top of the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: and
climb down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all come down do we.
Timothy Sackton: owe you that's what i'm asking do you are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 100% first one in.
Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go ahead will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Mike Sackton: Oh Claire is can we see before we.
Mike Sackton: jump in here can we see the booby trap little bit better.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Also.
Mike Sackton: babbles sleeping.
Mike Sackton: or awake.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know.
Mike Sackton: The Channel bees fly circle.
Timothy Sackton: Around.
Mike Sackton: The room and see if there's any creatures.
Timothy Sackton: notice is the shadow be opening in the shadow booth open the door.
Mike Sackton: door, no, no, no.
Timothy Sackton: No there's no nothing in the tunnel.
Mike Sackton: did not see anything in the time.
Mike Sackton: that's all I met is we're not dropping through the tunnel onto.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: let's go to the door yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that, so the booby trap is it's i'm like if it's basically just if the.
Timothy Sackton: boulder is pulled moved out Okay, the chain lado pulls a lever and there's like a there's a.
Timothy Sackton: like a bolt like a costco that flies out and staff to.
Mike Sackton: let's go to the door.
Timothy Sackton: For it's easy to avoid.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you walk.
Timothy Sackton: About 1500 feet through this dirt passageway at times you need to like get down and crawl like there's been parts that have been shown up.
Timothy Sackton: But this is a you know, this is a crude excavation it goes pretty deep like slopes down pretty steeply from here, and then it's just passing through the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The Earth.
Timothy Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it safe to say it was not done by doors, then.
Timothy Sackton: This was not, this does not look like dwarfing work.
Timothy Sackton: Although like this sort of thing is not like unheard of right, because this is a sort of unusually long escape tunnel, but like.
Timothy Sackton: A you know, a rich noble or something might have a way of sort of secret way to get outside the walls of the city.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and how old is it likely.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's been recently short up, but how old the tunnel was originally is impossible say.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but there's clearly places where like i'm part of it had been collapsed and it's been recently.
Timothy Sackton: i'm short up.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see that there's clearly tracks here right like this is not, this is a key this is used.
Timothy Sackton: With some regularity.
Timothy Sackton: After you know.
Timothy Sackton: 20 minutes walking through the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: i'm you come to the back of this.
Timothy Sackton: To this steel door.
Eric Rosenbaum: How are we.
Timothy Sackton: And I think that's where we're going to stop.
Mike Sackton: Ah, but.
Mike Sackton: that's how excuse my ghostly gays to look to the door.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you can use your ghostly late.
game.
Timothy Sackton: It is almost one o'clock I mean I can keep going but we're not going to get through this entire.
No, no, I was.
Mike Sackton: I just wanted to know what's, on the other side of the door to ghostly games, I need to stop shortly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: But I could take three minutes to hear what they see.
Timothy Sackton: yeah if you want to open the door, you can open the door before we stop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah absolutely.
Mike Sackton: let's find out what's, on the other side first.
Mike Sackton: On the other side, before we open it.
Timothy Sackton: Is a 15 by 15 foot i'm stone rum.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The room is bare except that in each of the four corners of the room there is like a grotesque statue like i'm on one corner there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a sort of bear with wings that's standing and leering in one corner there's on what looks like a sort of Notre Dom gargoyle type like devil horns like a long nose clawed fingers like this out in front in in one corner, there is a.
Timothy Sackton: What almost looks like a like a goat head type thing, but with BAT wings and then in the fourth corner there's.
Timothy Sackton: Another statue like this that has the head of a snake, and then the body of of a wolf like rearing up there all seem to be looking at the Center of the room statues made of stone.
Timothy Sackton: And then there is a directly opposite the door.
Timothy Sackton: There is a passage way that leaves the room and curves upwards, and to the right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any arcane knowledge of the four creatures represented, because those are all pretty weird.
Timothy Sackton: Make on our kind of check.
Timothy Sackton: I mean these they don't seem to represent any real creatures um.
Timothy Sackton: You know these are this is this this these look like they're sort of intentionally grotesque designs to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's no.
Eric Rosenbaum: mythology or a cult belief associated with these things sturridge.
Mike Sackton: Just the door seem to be walked.
Timothy Sackton: It is not locked.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wouldn't even go through this.
Mike Sackton: Now we just walked.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the room have a floor.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the initial as tk um.
Mike Sackton: mean these to me look I had to guess.
Mike Sackton: It say the the old clubhouse of the fraternity the empty.
Eric Rosenbaum: very interesting.
Mike Sackton: Just wildly speculating, but if you were making a statue dedicated to the God of madness winter, what kind of like those.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just because you hybridised a snake, and a wolf doesn't mean you're insane but maybe does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that, in fact, like this thing of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: cameras, like the splicing of one creature on to another.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that characteristic of pandemonium anyway next time on TV.
Timothy Sackton: With anybody want to open the door we're going to stop here and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I definitely want to open the door, but I want to respect you know it's one of them out there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well stop as soon as you open the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: opened our other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
yeah oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What am I accepted.
Mike Sackton: Now for now.
Mike Sackton: i'm kidding okay.
The door.
Timothy Sackton: As you open the door.
Timothy Sackton: swings open down the passageway.
Timothy Sackton: And the force statues come on.
Timothy Sackton: come alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: man.
Timothy Sackton: And that is where we'll pick out next.
Time.
Mike Sackton: We just close the door again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why did we decide to open the door.
Timothy Sackton: Because while we can't resist.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because what was, on the other side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it also.
Mike Sackton: What else are we get it to turn around like I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: This was a good session.